I had the Samsung A600 for awhile which is absolute doo doo. You can read my review on it and detect my rage at the stupid thing. It finally died on me so I used this Nokia phone I bought in a garage sale for $1. I wonder y she sold it so cheap?... Bad: ===> I hate the menu. It takes forever to get to what you want because you have to scroll endlessly. Usually phones have numbered categories so u can simply press the # and get where you want to go. ===> It's a pain to put it on silent or vibrate. If you're in class and it rings, you have to turn it off immediately. There's no fast way to silence the damn thing. Always remember to put it on silent! I learned that the hard way. ===> It's so true about the case. It's a mission to get off and will break ur nails in the process. Also, you'll damage the case each time u try. For some reason the phone started giving me problems once I did succeed in opening it. ===> Buttons could be a bit bigger. Vibration could be stronger. Good: ===> Reception is not too shabby. I was using it in the elevator which is a remarkable feat considering my old phone would lose service by simply putting it in my pocket. ===> Compared to my old Samsung, this phone works quite well. The ring tones are loud enough to hear and the phone actually charges quickly and has great battery life. It doesn't heat up like a potatoe in the oven either during long phone convos. ===> Nice bright, large screen. ===> Cute ways to customize it. Scroll bar can be set to purple, pink, aqua, orange, etc. Overall: Okay phone. It serves its purpose but definitely pales in comparison to these new phones coming out from Sprint. Why get so so when you can get great?Due to a software issue between Nokia and Sprint this phone's text messaging capabilities don't work with Sprint's system and won't until a software patch comes out "some time in the next few months". You will have to spend at least 1 hour with Sprint's award winning customer service team to find someone who will admit this to you. The problem is that Nokia designed their phones so that incoming messages are retrieved quickly and then viewed "offline" the way most providers work. Sprint, however, likes to have people hook up to their server first and then stay connected, burning minutes while they check their inbox, compose a reply and wait for the Sprint server to respond so they can send it out. Innovation in money-making at its finest.This is a great, reliable phone. I also purchased this phone after my samsung A460 died. The menu is easily comprehendable and speed dialing is available for around 300 numbers. Voice dialing is also a nice feature, but it takes longer than speed dialing. The only thing that bothers me is the games...Nokia seems to have taken snake (1 and 2) off their phones. There is a skydiving game, bowling, and tennis (like pong). The ringers are very nice, and a feature is available to choose a different ringer for each person calling. However, ringtones are not available online to download to this phone. You're pretty much stuck with what you have. There are vibrating ringtones and regular (midi) polyphonic tones. All they need are covers in a reasonable price range...I love the phone and all, because I really did need one, but I didn't expect the price of the bill when I received one. Also, I've had my phone for a little over two months now and still have yet to receive my free accessories that were supposed to come with the phone. Every time I call the company, they keep telling me to wait a couple of weeks, and that I should be receiving it shortly. Other than that, I do love the phone and all that I am able to do with it; and I'm not just talking about making the phone calls! :)The phone has been great for every purpose it offers, except the day i bought it-i couldnt get the case off. You can take the case off to put your own pictures in the jaket which is super cool, but when i took it back to the store-an employee said they were meant to be hard to get off. Well, he could barely even get it off- he came close to snapping the casing in half. I was never able to get it off after that which isnt THAT big of a deal, but it got dirty under the clear casing and it looks really dirty now. MAKE SURE YOU CAN GET YOUR CASE ON AND OFF! Oh and you have to charge it ALL off the time.Hello, I have this phone and used it until I decided to buy a flip phone. I have had NO problems with the battery or new cases--it has a new fish case on it now and it stays as well as the original one. I have added ring tones, and music so it was all good for me--as a matter of fact I am willing to sell this phone, the home charger and the car charger for a great deal--email me--(...)Cool. Cheap. Color: 3 words that describe the Nokia 3588 perfectly. I mean, what more DO you want? This beauty's got classic, sleek looks that jerks you a little about a Nokia 3310's looks. The 3588 also has some amazing ringtones. And I own a cellphone shop, so I have the experience. I RATE THIS THE 5TH BEST PHONE THAT I'VE EVER COME ACROSS IN MY STORE. Do you need more prompting to buy this, pal? Well, then here it comes!: The Nokia 3599 includes an alarm clock, calendar, voice recorder, calculator and stopwatch . And trust me, its good value for money if you're on a tight budget. And oh, if you're thinking of getting this for a teenager, you've come to the right phone; they'll go crazy after its looks AND its color LCD (which happens to be a little oversize). If this phone's goin' for an adult, you've hit da soda pop again, you lucky person! NOW are ya convinced that this mobile's REAL! (it is).The 3599i is overall a nice phone, except that Nokia made its universal headset jack incompatible with most 2.5mm universal headsets (even their own). A phone call to tech support was required to find out that you need to buy a headset that plugs into the Pop-port accessory connector on the bottom of the phone. They ended up suggesting the HDB-5 headset.I've never owned a Nokia phone before, so this is a first for me. I really like the phone alot, the reception is great...even though the signal strength show's being low. The quality of the phone is great too, it feels sturdy and weighted. I highly recommend this phone.ok well im in school and i need the text messaging and ive had this phone for about a month and text messaging was supposed to start working 2weeks ago.A conflict of software type stuff and btween nokia and sprint.(Its down to 4 stars) And the fact it cant download ringtones.(3stars)Or games(2 stars)But you cant beat a nearfree or free color phone(back to 3 stars) as soon as it gets text messaging it should b 4 stars.I've had this phone for over a year and I really like it. Having never been partial to flip phones, I can appreciate this Nokia's features. The color screen is very nice and all of the features are easy to use. The keylock is a simple two-button sequence though I do wish it had a timer for the keylock like my old phone. It has a lot of useful features, like a calculator, organizer, stopwatch and alarm, but the three games it has are too lame to play. The customizable features are nice, but lacking in variety. This isn't the ideal phone for a guy. You're few options are pretty girly. The ringtones also lack something to be desired, but there are a few decent ones. The battery life is pretty good, nothing special, but definitely not bad. It gets me through the average day without problems and sometimes lasts for several days. My parents, sisters, and husband all got fancy Samsung flip phones with cameras and all the toys, and I must say mine works better. The battery lasts MUCH longer and the recpetion is MUCH better. The downside to this cute phone is the case. It's made of very weak plastic that cracked in a few months. Also, if you're thinking about getting a different case for it, DON'T! Once you take it off, it will keep slipping off. It never attaches firmly again, and neither does the new case you bought. I've read this in other reviews too. Because of this, the last time I dropped it the back piece popped off and the battery flew out. Now my phone has issues. Drat. Overall, it's a great phone, if you're content with the simpler things in life. Who really uses the camera on thier phone anyway? I just reccommend buying a protective case for it and leaving it on and don't drop the delicate thing.1.) Slow - If you want to check your missed calls list, this phone feels compelled to inform you whether or not there are any new calls in the list...it does this for about 20 seconds. Of course, it will take you half a second to read the message...and you probably don't care about what it says. 2.) Annoying - Ever had anyone scream in your ear? That's a sensation I get from this phone on a regular basis. It has the nice ability to attach a voice tag to a phone number...a useful feature...when it works. About 80% of the time, it recognizes the number I ask for, the other 20% it lets me know that it doesn't understand...by screeching (next to my head). Want to know what that feels like with your phone? Turn the ringer up to the highest setting, hold the phone next to your ear, call your phone. Not pleasant. Add to this the fact that when you're searching one of the numerous menus on the phone (menus that have at least 5 items in them), the menu system uses up a whole screen to display one line of text. It has three lines available to it...but it uses one. What's next? What did you just pass? Go back and look, can't find out another way! 3.) Fragile - My phone is cracked. Why you ask? Because I took off the battery cover. Why did you take off the battery cover you ask? Because I wanted to write this review and that was the only way to find out the model number. 4.) Heavy - Speaks for itself...the phone weighs way too much. 5.) Bulky - Again, like heavy, speaks for itself. My recommendation: buy a better phone. This one will only make you cry at night.I bought this phone about a year ago and have been using it ever since, on the Sprint PCS network, to replace an old TP2100. The first time I bought it, the phone was defective, so I had to get it replaced after a few days. I liked the phone okay at first, but I really wish I can go back in time and buy a better phone. Several issues: *mediocre reception. *rather bulky and unattractive. *cheap feel, cheaply made, cheap materials. *screen not easily visible in bright sunlight. *battery life marginal. I will go into a little detail about a few things. I get okay reception on this phone. It is NOT GOOD reception. The phone will work in areas where there is a good signal, but in areas with a marginal signal, such as my apartment, the phone will drop calls left and right, and fade in and out about 5 seconds of every minute (this is outside, so interference from the building is not the cause). In my residence, I use my husband's Sanyo, as it gets an excellent signal, and doesn't drop nearly as many calls. I have had Sprint check out the phone, and they say it is working correctly. I can only assume it is the poor quality of the phone that is to blame. The phone is quite big for what I would expect from a modern phone, with no camera. In a small purse, it takes up a lot of room. What is more important is that the phone is cheaply made, and has a cheap feel to it. It's made out of rather flimsy plastic. I dropped the phone once onto concrete from about 3 feet up, and the antenna head got a crack in it and a corner of the phone got serious scratches. Also, the screen can be difficult to read in bright sunlight, but it's quite bright otherwise. As far as battery life goes, it's not that great. I've gone to bed with the battery half full and have woken up to a dead phone. I believe the poor reception in my immediate area is to blame, as the phone searches for a signal and that takes battery time. Talk time is decent. Pros: *LOUD ringer *lots of features, but I rarely use them.This is an excellent choice for Sprint to use when enrolling new customers for service. It is the free option for most new customers and it has been excellent after a year of ownership. I love how it lights up when someone is calling which helps to really find the phone quickly when you are in the dark. If you have the phone in a purse it really makes it easy to find due to this fact. The Nokia phone seems to be tougher to me than the Samsung phones at the Sprint store also. So my only issue with the phone is the fact that since it is not a flip phone the keypad must be locked before I drop the phone in my pants pocket. This can be annoying if you get used to owning a flip phone before moving to the Nokia.DON'T BUY OUT OF SERVICEI have been with nextel for nearly a year now I started out this time last year with the Motorola i205 and just upgraded to the i265 it is one of the best phones I have ever had the service is the best I have ever had I have no problems making or reciving calls. If you are considering nextel give it a shot they are in my opinion the best cell company out there.I just got it and have to say its easy to use, i can hear the person talking just fine and i have had no problems dealing with nextel.1 star because the phones locked so I have to pay additional fees to unlock itThe product has been very good. I had used this cell phone in one of my projects and it worked wonders. I will definitely recommend this to anyone interested in buying it....My problems with nextel did not stop when I canceled my service. I will get to the problems with the service. When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired, I of course wanted to keep my number. So as I went to get my Cingular phone (highly recommended), I had the old number switched to my new number. Today, I get in the mail my nextel statement for the month with a $200 early termination even though I had not canceled my service, but had simply got a new phone and switched my number over. This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel. In my town, not a small town by any means, there are very few places that have any service. In the largest subdivision, you cannot get service anywhere. I constantly get comments from people trying to reach me that get the classic nextel line...Please hold while the nextel subscriber you are trying to reach is located. Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls, calls would go straight to my voice mail. Not only would I not get the calls, but often I would not even get the voice mails until days or even weeks later. When I did actually take calls (and call out), I cannot count the number of times I've had my call dropped. I recieved so many different error messages sometimes I wonder if they just spend all their time at nextel thinking of different error messages to program into their phones. That brings me to the selling point of nextel, the famed and well-loved direct connect feature. This is an absolute joke. Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it. Even then, in the middle of the conversation I would be greeted by the loud beep of my phone telling me I wont be talking to that person anymore. Of course, I would expect nothing less from the nextel network. Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible. If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message, it took days, or maybe didn't even come at all. The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked. Of course, when you don't have service, you don't get the internet access either. I was constantly getting the message "network not available". Calling and trying to complain to nextel is futile. Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing. My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel. Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end. Don't make the same mistake I did.GREAT PRODUCT THAT IS AS GREAT FOR NEXTEL AS IT IS FOR BOOST INSERT YOUR SIM & GO!I bought this phone to replace an LG phone that I didn't like. As I expected, all I had to do was put the old SIM card in the new phone and it worked. There are two serious drawbacks to this device, both related to the candy bar style. First, all the buttons are exposed, so it's easy to hit one accidentally. Second, the screen is easily scratched. This one got scratched making it difficult to read in sunlight. Aside from those two flaws, the phone works great. Connectivity, battery life, and quality of voice are superb. Since I don't do texting I can't comment on that. It is nice and small, and if it came with a case, or if I could find a case for it, then it would be perfect for my needs. The price was right. Now I have a new SIM card with $10 worth of calling on it that I don't need.I purchased this phone for my AT&T phone replacement, even though one of the FAQ mentioned it works with AT&T SIM, in my case, it didn't. Since this is my primary phone, in stead of spending time to see the reason, I'll go with other phone, which specifically says it's "unlocked".The phone did not come with a charger and didn't have a sims card.SERVED ME WELL AS A BACK UP PHONE.I got this phone just as secondary cell phone. It is really lightweight and very cheap. The receiption is good. But most of the time a windy noise is heard when somebody is calling to this cell phone.Sturdy - clarity is great - easy to use Only problem - no Speaker option...... Big issue for me but im living with it atm.Phone stoped workingIt does a beautiful job. I have used this item with my att account. its good to see my bill so little and avoided big amount of bills..i would recommend this product to any body. Very good quality it really met my expectationsway too smallI asked my friend to toss me my phone, but what he heard was "Hey, throw that phone as hard as you can at my head", so he did. Hit me square in the temple and I dropped. Needless to say this is a very sturdy phone, very simple and easy to use, long battery life (Like really long, like Stretch Armstrong long), takes being dropped and smacked around like a champ. If this phone was my son, i'd be proud, and afraid. The texting takes a little to get used to, but I digress. Smart Phones are for dummies. P.S you can create your own ringtones on this phone, provides way more entertainment than Flappy Bird.We never use cell phones, but thought we needed one for a long road trip. With our last phone we were always irritated that the battery seemed to be dead every time we tried to use it. Based on reviews, we chose this phone. Battery life is great! And the phone really does handle abuse very well. My husband forgot it was in his shirt pocket. The phone went through the washer and dryer and still works as well as ever!! I'm not sure how it would work as an everyday phone, but for those who only need it occasionally I would highly recommend. It will be there, charged and ready when you need it.I have had this model phone for 4-1/2 years and only now the battery is beginning to fail. FANTASTIC little phone that doesn't drop calls, can stick in a pocket or purse easily, does exactly what it is supposed to do at an unbeatable price. Refill for $100 and get a bonus $5.Easy to use features, slim in size at a very good price. It is better compare to my exsiting T-Mobile prepaid phone. I called from a landline to both phones and the at& t picked up within 13 seconds while the T-Mobile at 25 sec or most of the time, just jumped to my voice mail only. I highly recommend at&t.This phone is great. Simple to use, great battery life, always has a strong signal and AT&T has a great pay-as-you go plan. I'm happy.It is just a basic phone and is an effective phone for people who do not need a lot of features. The size is good.this is a good little inexpensive phone - basic, but that's what I wanted! Just a phone for my pay as you go plan!I almost never write reviews for anything, but this stupid little cheap phone has proven so reliable and indestructible that I just had to say something. I bought this phone at least 3 (maybe 4) years ago, after two "fancy" (expensive) flip phones each lasted less than a year before falling apart. My goal was not to buy a phone that would last 4 years (I didn't expect any phone would) and certainly was not to buy a $20 phone that would last 4 years. My goal was just not to spend $150 on another phone. I hoped it might last 6 months, until I decided what to do next (change service providers, get a new contract with a free phone, etc.) To my surprise, this little brick of a phone just keeps going. It has not been treated lightly (I recently opened up the back to find the serial #, and found it full of dirt & dust). It has crashed with me skiing, been splashed with salt water while sailing, and been drenched in sweat while in my bike jersey. Still, it works. Complaints: I dearly wish it had a camera, even a crappy one. Sometimes the exposed buttons get pressed accidentally. It has no fancy features. But I'm going to buy another one-- just in case this one ever quits. UPDATE 1/1/12: This phone is still going. 5+ years now. I bought this phone when the first-generation iPhone came out. Four generations of iPhone later, I still don't have one, because this phone has refused to die. Incredible.I have had the C168i for two years as a replacement for a different phone I broke. Note that it is a "goPhone" but you can use any monthly ATT service with it just by putting your SIM card in. My friends make fun of me for my boring looking phone, but they have since gone through 4-5 $150-200 phones while my $20 "crap" phone is still going and going... This phone is perfect for someone who doesn't need a camera, videos, bell and whistles stuff, but wants a sturdy reliable phone with a long battery life. It is also very inexpensive. Also, I attest to the main review that this phone is a "TERMINATOR" phone, meaning it is EXTREMELY resistant to almost all forms of physical harm. I have never tried soaking it in water, but I have dropped it, thrown it, scraped it, kicked it etc. and the screen and battery are still perfectly functional. Great battery life as well. My battery has NEVER run out on me. EVER! And I am super-negligent when it comes to charging it. Of course, the phone really only has normal calling and basic texting. The only complaint I would make is that entering new contacts into the address book is somewhat difficult and counter-intuitive until you learn how to do it. You won't regret buying this phone.I've been using this phone for about three weeks, now, and it truly is a nice little phone. It's small, light, and the keypad and screen really light up...you can actually see the screen in very bright sunlight! It does everything I want a phone to do. The graphics on the web are really very good, although accessing the web is rather slow. The keypad IS quite small, and this could be a problem for most men, but it's perfect for me. The only negative is that it doesn't have speaker phone capability. The battery life is, as the others have said, amazing! As for the person whose wife's phone was dead, it probably was jostled in her purse and was inadvertently turned on. I prefer bar phones to any other kind (not sure why), and one of the first things I learned was to lock the keypad whenever I put it in my purse, in my pocket, or any other place where it would be possible for the phone to be accidentally turned on. It's a simple matter of pushing two keys to turn on the lock or to shut it off, and sure saves a lot of battery life.Well, my phone that came with my service plan is.. well.. its now a paper weight (darn razrs!!) I didnt want to spend another 100+ on a phone that wil just break, then i stumbled upon these gophones, they are from 19.99-99.99 at best buy and work perfectly with my AT&T monthly subscription SIM card, so its just a crazy cheap phone. The battery life is AMAZING, its rated 9 hours, when i first bought it i opened it in the store and turned it on, it had 1 bar. It wasnt for another 3 hours untill i got home to charge it, and it still had the same 1 bar of battery life. I also talked a good 25 minutes too. VERY durable, i love the battery back, its not one of those slide ones (like some Sony phones), and its not one where you just push a button (like the RAZR). its a combination, you press the butten and then slide, it works REALLY WELL so there is very little chance you will break/lose the cover. came preloaded with 3 games for me, this cool space invader style game, a soccer game, and this weird mole game that is my personal favorite. Came with a TON of actually decent tones you can set as your ringtone.. unlike the RAZR which came with a horrid selection. it also came with an unactivated brand new sim card. so if your like me and you just bought this phone so you can put your old sim card into it, you will get a bonus sim card that you can sell on craigslist for like 10-15 dollars, seeing that it came with one of the new 3G cards. my only real complaint is that the keypad is really cramped, but its still easily usable, but you still get the feeling that its cramped, and my phone only came with 3 preloaded images to set as my wallpaper, and at times the call quality is a little shakey, but it rarely happens and when it does it goes away very fast... but for 30 dollars! thats a fraction of a price than the cheapest upgrade service plan phone. ---- I really doubt anybody will actually read this edit, but it is definitely worth a mention. I have had this phone since august (its Feb. 11). I hope dropped it countless times, this phone WILL NOT BREAK. Seriously, I've tried. I take horible care of this phone. I wanted to test its durability (and show off to my friends that my 20 dollar phone is more durable than your 5,000,000,000 dollar one) As demonstrations I've thrown it at trees, walls, concrete sidewalk, I've thrown it in the snow... hell I've even tossed it on the concrete and invited my friends to join me in a game of soccer with it. No joke. I didn't just do this once, but several, several times. The worst that has happened to it is the battery-cover snapped off and the battery fell out, all I had to do was put the battery back in, snap on the cover and turn the phone on. After about 4 months of treating it like that I did the same thing, actually just today (Feb. 11th). I chucked it at the concrete ground, the battery/battery cover flew off (as usual) but to my surprise when I turned it on I had a small black bar through the screen, but even more surprising is that it still works perfectly, everything does. It amazes me how poorly I've taken care of this phone, if I had done even 1/16th of the things I did to this phone to my old RAZR I can assure you it would have snapped in half or something. I highly recommend this phone. I'm going to buy another one soon, heck I might even pick up 2 one for an emergency replacement.I got this phone based on a recommendation from AT&T :( silly me. I wanted a back up phone my wife could use in case her other phone failed to turn on (also a motorola different model almost 5x price). They recommend this phone because of it's low cost and it's a go phone so you only pay for minutes you use. I bought the phone and loved it. It was very low cost, came with airtime. It feels very solid, except for the battery cover which seems flimsy but seems to hold up with no problems. It had what I felt as good sound quality and a good number of features for such a low cost phone. I wanted to prep the battery since my wife was going to travel soon, so I left it powered on and would constantly press a button so the light would stay on and drain the battery. The display is amazingly bright, I could almost use it as a flashlight. I was also really surprised at the battery life. Anyhow after two cycles of draining the battery and then charging it to full, I figured it would be all set to use as an emergency phone for my wife who was going on a two week business trip. Wrong :( on the last day of her trip her main cell phone battery was low so she decided to try to use the back up phone. It wouldn't turn on :( I don't know if it was due to the xray machines at the airports or what but the battery was drained. She said she never turned it on at all until that day so maybe it got turned on accidently in her purse (phone turns on by pressing a button on the front for 4 or 5 seconds). Anyhow to make matters worse the AT&T rep also said I could also use it as a main phone by transfering the SIM. Nope didn't work either, I was on the older AT&T plan so I had to be migrated. Atleast the phone didn't cost too much. I figure I can still keep it as an emergency 911 phone too (Go phone minutes expire :( which the AT&T rep didn't tell me about). And it does look pretty good as a paper weight.I needed a temporary phone for a friend in a retirement home until he got settled in his new place. I charged it up and it ran for several days on its own. He would have preferred a larger key pad due to his poor eyesight, but he seemed to do okay with it, and it was simple enough for him to be able to use it to simply make or receive calls (I didn't get into the answering system with him!). Now that he has moved and has his landline installed, I am giving it to a friend who has no cell phone, and cannot afford the price of a regular one. This will be just right for her limited calls when she is on the road. So.... two for the price of one!!This phone isn't kidding when it says military specs. I had a hole in my pocket and it went tumbling down a flight of concrete steps (20 steps). It had a few scratches but it worked fine. It also made a few other death - defying leaps. It is VERY drop resistant. That being said, it is not crush proof. It's battery was just about dead so I decided to leave it in the car to charge. I plugged it into the car charger, grabbed my purse, and got out of the car. Unbeknownst to me, the charger cord was tangled around my purse. I stood up and closed the car door - right on this phone. That left a BIG mark - that finally did it in (If it still worked, I would have had the world's first boomerang phone - it looked just like a boomerang afterwards). I just ordered a new one. As much as I beat up my last phone and as well as it fared, I had to get another one. My only pet peeve with this phone is they could have at least given me ONE full game - not the lame demos that are included with it. The phone itself is about the size of a Hershey bar. I often keep it in my pants pocket (the front pocket).I bought this phone and found out IDEN phones with sim cards are no longer eligible for service with Boost Mobile. So buyer be ware dont buy these unless you already have service with a sim card.i wont ( enter special code )my mother said that she loves Walkie Talkie Phones so what i did was i bought this for my mother Denise Avellan for mothers day of 2014 and my mother loves it. what a great Direct Connect Connection!!!!!!Bought this phone only to be told it would no longer work on network. Waste of money and seller knew they would not work and did not say anything.For the price you really get a solid boost motorola phone. Sounds and looks good.PHONE DID NOT COME WITH A SIM CARD....INFORMATION I WOULD'VE LIKED TO HAVE..... PHONE WORKS FINE, BUT BECAUSE PTT (WALKIE) IS BEING PHASED-OUT ON BOOST, NO SIM. RATING IS FOR PHONE, BUT VERY UNHAPPY NOT TO HAVE ALL THE FACTS PRIOR TO PURCHASE.This is not a "boost" phone and will not work as a GPS with Boost. Had to send it back. A huge pain for something that is $24. This is a rip-off.good phone works well. very simple to use.dropped a few times and still works fine.You get the basic functions for what a cell phone is needed for, in other words this phone is simple and effective.Wouldn't know anything about the cell phone I ordered because the person hasn't even shipped it yet. It's been a month! And amazon has does nothing to help and really has nothing for an option to provide assistance.For someone needing a very basic phone and services (i.e., no email access, no camera, etc.) this phone is quite good. The sound quality on both the built in speaker and mic and the speaker phone are very good, the phone itself is very portable and it has buttons one does not have to be a midget to operate. On the negative side (and why I give it 4 instead of 5 stars), it has a relatively small battery for its size, as anyone who has opened but back to install can attest. Hence the battery power for such a basic phone is not on a par with other "basic" phones, though not by much. A second critique is the very small screen which is, in addition, not very well lit. It can be a problem viewing, even in the shade. A third problem is that the interface for some of the features (i.e., voice recorder, contact list) is not as easy as it should be. Thanks to the small screen, one needs to scroll quite a bit to access some of the phone's features. One last critique is that the messaging service is quite slow. Hence if you need to use such a feature this phone is far from optimal. All and all a very good phone despite the weaknesses cited above. If someone is looking for a barebones phone this is more than fulfills the requirements.I am a professional who recently purchased a Sanyo Juno phone to use as an extra special-purpose business phone. After using Boost cards to pay for the phone for two months I switched to the Auto Re-Boost Payment Service, wherein payments are automatically charged to my credit card each month. What a terrible mistake. Boost Mobile has been making monthly charges to my credit card at the same time that it has cut off my phone service, telling me that there is no money in my account. Of course, the latter cannot be true is the former is true. When I call Boost's service number to resolve the problem I learn that there are no human beings to speak to, only an automated list of options, none of which correspond to my problem. When I contact Boost via its online customer service (an e-mail option in which the customer is asked to describe his or her problem) I receive a phone call instructing me to call the service number, which, as I've just noted, provides no human operator and tells me that there is no money in my account. In other words, Boost Mobile tells me that to restore my service I must make another payment, even though that payment has already been made by their Auto Re-Boost plan. In effect, I must pay twice for each month of service and there is nothing I can do about it. Is this a company you would want to do business with? I deeply regret selecting to business with this company.I picked this up to use with Boost Mobile. All I wanted was a phone with walkie talkie and this fit the bill. I have a digital camera for pictures, phones don't need a camera. This phone has not dropped one call since I activated it. Everytime I DT with someone it works. This phone gets a signal where T-Mobile, Sprint and all others fail. The buttons for texting and replying to emails are easy to handle. If you are looking for a "phone" this is the one to get. I would give this 10 starts if it were allowed. Another plus is it handles mp3's & GIF images which I upload from my own PC to the phone.This phone is awesome. I have one through Boost Mobile with the unlimited plan. Bought it on August 6th and no regrets. People that whine and complain about the screen res or no games. It's a phone people, nothing more, nothing less. I use the walkie-talkie regularly, my wife and I text back and forth daily with no missed or missing messages. This phone receives/makes calls and walkie-talkie's where others have failed. If people want games buy a Gameboy, want pictures buy a camera, not real hard to figure out. This little gem was built to be a phone and that's exactly what it is. In short.... See it as it really is, a phone.i dont want to sound like a hot head but i havent had the best luck with cell phones, when i get a bad call the phone goes flying. this phone has impressed me with its durablity, i have thrown it, droped it and it even went flying out of my cars window while on the street when i wasnt looking, and it still works. best phone i ever bought. why would you buy a phone that cost $400 and worry every time you drop it, when if this one falls you just brush off the dirt and go on your way.I find texting impossible on this phone. As another reviewer said, the screen goes blank randomly and you have to turn it off and on again. Also the phone randomly turns off phone transmissions and you have to turn it back on to receive/make phone calls. There has to be better phones out there.I recently had an i776 which was ruined at work. I had good service with it and it worked well. I spent $50 on this piece, the service is horrible, very patchy. I don't receive texts, sometimes the screens goes white for no reason. The key pad lights stopped working, the phone has no alarm. The battery doesn't last more than a day. I have only had to phone for two months. Its the worst phone ive owned, do not buy this. The i776 is a good phone,but you have to buy the rugged version.I LOVE THIS PHONE! YES I WOULD LOVE IT TO HAVE MORE FEATURES BUT I LOVE THIS PHONE! THE SOUND QUALITY IS GREAT! I COULD BE DOING LAUNDRY AND BE TALKING IN SPEAKER AND HEAR AND BE HERD PERFECTLY WITHOUT THE ECKO MOST PHONES MAKE TO WHO EVER IS LISTENING TO YOU THE WEB IS NORMAL LIKE ANY OTHER PHONE THE TEXING IS GOOD ASS WELL OVERALL THIS PHONE WON ME OVER WITH ITS SOUND QUALITY IVE HAD SO MANY PHONES VERY LOW ON SOUND THIS PHONE IS PERFECT I HAD THE OTHER PHONE THE $[...]. ONE BUT UPGRADED TO THIS ONE AND LOVE IT'S EVEN BETTER THAN THE OTHER ONE ITS VERY EASY TO TIPE THE BUTTONS ARE NOT HARD AT ALL LOVE THIS PHONE.This phone is JUNK. Do NOT buy this phone. You will have much faster messaging via regular USPS. Your text messages will be lost in the vast time warp of boost mobilism where they will stay until you decide to try to use the internet on this phone. While waiting the regular 15 minutes for a webpage to load, you will be bumrushed by a million of delayed texts which will obliterate all the efforts this sorry little phone has put forth in trying to load the webpage. The screen will turn white and the entire phone will reset on its own. You will then have the responsibility of manually turning your transmitters back on for the phone to work again. If you are arguing with a girlfriend on this phone, she will dump you because she will think you have hung up on her. If you have close family members, they will abandon you and make pacts with other family members not to call or text you because you never text back and hardly ever answer. If you are having an affair with a married woman, this phone will hold all the messages you sent to her until her husband has come home. Then, like magic, this phone will deliver all the long lost messages as soon as he picks up his wife's phone. They should reaname this phone the i666. The Taliban has claimed responsibility for this phone, but common sense makes one wonder if it wasn't created by a more sinister power. Possibly Satan himself.it withstands a lot and is worth the money only thing IT DOESNT HAVE A CAMERAThis was a replacement for the one my mom had that went south on us. Can't really complain about it because the problem with this device is the carrier not the phone. Probably should give it five stars because the seller gave a spot on description, gave a charger, and threw in a case for free but yet again my carrier doesn't seem to like the phone. I did receive this package next day.The shipping time on the phone was great, The phone also works great and as it is supose to, My sims card had no problems as some stated theirs did, great battery life, nice looking phone. Work in a area that my other phone had no signal this phone does when clear out, Not so good when cloudy, But would buy again from seller. Thank you MarkPurchased 2 and one worked....Delivered as promised.They are showing a cingular phone which is identical to the one that I had ,Instead I got an AT&tT.It is okay but yhe cingular phone has more options.My wife loves this phone, it is her third one like it. This one is perfect for her. Thanks.this phone was the one my husband got when we first opened our cell account many years ago. He is not open to change and I wasn't sure i could get this phone again. I am very glad I was able to get it for him, and it is working quite well. Thank you.I got this phone because I wanted a phone that would have better reception than my previous phone. However, it never recognized any of the information stored on my SIM card, so it was essentially useless to me.The phone was purchased through an 'Alpha Wireless' supposedly in Texas but shipped from a 'Go Green Wireless' out of Florida. While I understand that several companies may cooperate to fulfill orders it does make it difficult regarding recourse when, in this case, a phone was represented as 'New' and simply was not. The price paid should have more closely reflected the condition. Buyer beware as usual when using Amazon or Ebay.It's a nice phone only if it worked properly. I can answer the phone but can't hear the person on the line I have to put the phone on speaker in order to hear, this causes people to hang up because the phone's a piece of junk. this started happen two days after I got the phone.....a bad choice.Very satisfiedIf you are looking for regular phone that's fairly durable this is great! Especially if used in heavy case? Yes I would recommend this phoneShort: This phone works fine as a basic phone, if that is all you are looking for. Long: My old phone's LCD croaked on me, and I wanted to wait a bit before buying an HTC Dream, so I went with this cheap phone. Complaints: Menu/key response is sometimes slow. No way to get data to phone via USB cable, at least if you live in the US. It seems like a USB cable exists (in Europe, Asia and Australia) but it costs about as much as the phone itself does after exchange rates. If you go to [...], they talk about cable CA-126, which works with the 1680. It has a regular usb connector on one end, and a Nokia microusb & 2.5mm charger plug on the other. The US Nokia manual says the Microusb port is for "authorized personal only", which to my mind says that the carriers in the US wanted to force people into getting things onto the phone via some $$$-chargeable method. In any event, I'll be getting a new phone in a few months so I'll live with this phone for now. But the limitations it has makes it so that it is only suitable for those who are not looking for anything other than making/receiving phone calls (like my parents).The good news is that it has a long battery life and is lightweight. But none of that is worth anything if you cant hear the other person. I had a Samsung and a Sony before and never had this problem. The keypad is tough, requiring sledge hammer to push the keys. Bottom line: the phone is cheap, but you get what you pay for. Try Sony or Samsung, their cheapest models work better than this.I needed a replacement phone, and did not want to sign up for a new contract, so I bought a Nokia 1680c at the full retail price. This phone is a good value. It rings loud & clear, and the speakerphone is easy to hear. People I'm calling say my voice is clear, though they can tell I'm on a cell phone. It has a lot of neat software features; for example, you can configure a shortcut action for the left and right softkeys, as well the Up-Down-Left-Right buttons. There is no dedicated rocker switch on the side for volume up & down; during a call, the volume is adjusted by the Left and Right buttons. The phone is constructed well, but feels too light. Battery life is very good. The screen is bright and clear. Navigating menus can be a little sluggish. The keypad is stiff, making text messaging a chore. No Bluetooth connectivity, so forget about using one of those fancy headsets. The box does include a wired earbud/microphone with integrated call answer/end button. Something that annoyed me was how it saved numbers to the address book from an incoming call; the Nokia software puts a "+" symbol in front of incoming call numbers. That gets saved to the address book -- for example "+15551212121" -- a minor thing, and something probably more useful for European phone numbers, for example. Overall, I like this phone, and will probably keep it until I someday feel the need to get a smartphone-type slab of electronics.This is probably the wrost experience i had with Amazon and it costed me $72.00. Both my phones from amazon arrived inright time but without activation. I called AT&T and they could not locate our phone numbers so had to call back amazon and learned that they have not activated our phones. Amazon customer service took good amount of time to do this meanwhile i missed by billing cycle with old cell phone company. This process took about a week, and not to mention the SIM card delivered was not working and amazon had to ship again.By simple I mean that in a good way, having come from an Envy 2 I am glad to be able to open the phone and dial and not have to deal with clicking OK twice to unlock the "locked" screen. Quotes intentional, the screen was only locked when I needed to urgently make a call but had a lot of phantom dialing while in my pocket. So back to the Alias 2 the phone is easy to figure out but does not work in all the ways it is said to work. Specifically I can not get this phone to pair with my blue tooth in my new car. I tried, the car dealer tried and while NO issues are reported with this phone and its blue tooth capabilities I beg to differ! I read another review of a person who had exact same trouble with a different model car and was also told the phone is fine. It is obviously something unique to this model only because other samsung phones pair without problems. I got my phone exchanged and after going through that it still will not pair with my car. I wanted this phone because it is simpler than the previous envy 2 I owned but even that phone will pair with my car. I plan to switch to a smart phone as soon as the Nexus One comes to verizon. Considering the very large increase in the monthly charges they will thus receive and extending my contract I sincerely hope they work as hard to keep the customer happy as they say they do. This customer is not terribly happy right now! I will say that the network is the strongest for my area so I hope to stick with verizon but can and will change if they wont try and keep me satisfied.Just recently got this phone as a replacement to my i760 and am happy to be back to a flip phone. Great Camera, have not tested video yet. Battery life is solid. I'll give samsung credit for the rotating/changable keyboard, a cool thing for the next model might be a customizable keyboard where you have the ability to assign values to each key. As far as ease of use for the keyboard...I havent had any problems and I have large hands/fingers. It takes a little getting used to but once acclimated you should have no problems. I cant comment on voice recognition or blue tooth as I dont really use those features and honestly find them useless (once in a while I'll use my ear piece in the car but its rare). I also dont plan on using it as an MP3 player...I have an ipod for that. If your looking for a phone to synch with outlook then find one where that is offered in the specs. Yes you can remotely sync and get access to web email but nowhere in the description is outlook mentioned so I cant hold that against the phone. It would be like faulting my car cause it doesnt fly (I know thats an exageration but its kinda the same thing) when its clearly not meant for that. If you need a phone that syncs with outlook then get a pda phone. This is basically your standard flip with a few extra features and probly wont be as popular with the mickey mouse club kids that want an iPhone like device that they can watch movies on and giggle over the txts their friends just sent. Interface is about the same as any other VZ flip phone I've had in the past. The ability to use a 16gb micro sd is also a nice feature and is especially handy if you have a card reader on your pc/laptop. All in all its a solid phone that serves the purpose its intended for...a phone thats easy to txt on and make calls on.Good overall phone, bluetooth so far syncs well with the integrated bluetooth in a Mercedes that I used to have and also with the aftermarket Alpine stereo that I have in my VW. But some of the features and design are just poor and/or not thought out. Looks great but the body is far too slippery. It's like handling a bar of soap. I use it as my primary alarm clock in the morning and it's really clumsy to grab off the nightstand and shut off the alarm. Even when I'm fully awake and alert :-) it's hard to open and I've dropped it a few times while fumbling to open it. There is a wider slit on the clamshell lid to fit your finger into when opening in portrait mode but in landscape mode there's no place to insert your finger to flip it open, so you have to use your fingernail. Unlike my previous phone, it takes two hands almost all the time to open this thing whereas my old phone I could easily flip it open with one hand. I wish the alarm clock's snooze function was like most clock radios where it allows 10 minutes snooze time, not 5. 5 is just too short. Or, the phone should allow you to set the snooze period as a preference. There is no way to display the time on the front screen when the phone is dark; you have to open it up. Well, you can fake it by holding the lock button for the music keys, which will light up the display) but then you have to hold it a second time to reset the lock/unlock back to where you had it. Also, when you're on a call (although just about every cell phone fails on this) the clock doesn't display anywhere (so this is no better than other phones). How many times have you been on a call and said "Hey let's meet later!" and the person asks you "Ok, what time is it now?" and you can't tell. (I quit wearing watches because of the clocks on cell phones...but why don't they display the time when on a call?) The keys on the outside aren't too bad except the volume up/down is a little too easy to accidentally press. I like the keyboard idea overall but I find it's like typing on little Chiclet gum candies. I need to use my fingernails to avoid fat-fingering it. In QWERTY mode, the END button is too close to the space bar and I have inadvertantly killed my web browser when typing a space in a field on a page. Frustrating! With the END key was farther away. Wish they would have also engineered in some page up/down keys too, as scrolling line by line is cumbersome. I would also like the END and SEND keys to somehow be the traditional red and green colors too. I use Outlook on my netbook to "sync" (sort of) my contacts to the phone. This works alright but if you want to refresh your contacts you have to delete them all from the phone and then resend them over or they'll be duplicates. This is a bit annoying only in that you will then need to re-enter the ICE contacts manually. The bluetooth can send pics to my netbook, but only one at a time (cumbersome). Can't select multiple photos at once. Won't send videos at all to my netbook via Bluetooth. Have to send them via a picture message to email and fake it that way but you incur data usage charges doing it that way. Or you can use removable storage on the MicroSD card to do it. The biggest disappointment is the calendar. What a useless piece of junk! It says you can send calendar appointments to the phone, which you can, but it is half-baked. If you set a reminder in Outlook, the reminder doesn't carry over to the phone. The phone only supports one text field for the appointment and it corresponds to the Outlook appointment body (not the header meeting description nor location), so I have to retype the description and location in the Outlook calendar body if I want to see anything useful on the phone. Even then, some appointments come over with an empty text field on the phone (it is either a problem with the text being too long and/or having a carriage return in the text I think). So if I try to then enter it on the phone (enter the description in the displayed (and empty) text field), the phone freezes and then reboots. Terrible! The recurring meeting also is miserably half-baked. You cannot set an interval like "every other week". I work a 9/80 work schedule and I want to have every other Friday that I work in my phone so I know when I'm off work or not. I can only choose daily, weekly, monthly, or annually. So while it does take Outlook calendar items, they end up so flawed and useless that if you really do plan on using this phone as an organizer, don't; it will fail to meet your needs. I understand that Samsung uses this same calendar in many of its products and if so, it will be a deal breaker next time around for me and I'll shop a different brand. The add-on Mobile Email from OZ isn't too bad but it also has room for improvement. It is billed as "fully integrated" but not in my eyes. While the phone itself has a limited file viewer for certain file types stored on it, if you receive an email with attachments (even if just a .jpg), the OZ mobile email doesn't support accessing attachments. This is not what I call "fully integrated". The OZ email client also works a bit inconsistently (although maybe it's an issue with the email providers and not OZ?). With my Cox POP3 accounts, I can only access the inbox (not sent items). With Yahoo and Hotmail, I can access the various folders OK. With my university's email account (hosted by Google GMAIL), it displays both the inbox and the sent items in the inbox (really weird, and I imagine if I had other folders it might lump everything togeter as well). The user interface for the OZ mobile email isn't too bad although it was a bit unintuitive to find how to add a recipient to an email from the phone's contacts. Can be done but just was hard to find. Also isn't clear on how to add multiple recipients (use a comma or semicolon between them? don't know...) Beware of Verizon's compusory data plan with this phone. It is misleading. Supposedly for $9.99 a month you get 25MB of data usage. This often isn't presented clearly. It applies only to the web browser. Texting and picture messaging are not part of this 25MB **even though they use a data connection!**. It should be called a "web browsing plan", not a "data plan". So unless you pay for an additional texting plan, you will be charged for each message. I was pretty furious when my first bill arrived to find I was charged for the picture messages I sent thinking it was part of my "data plan". The mp3 player is alright although once or twice it froze up on me and I had to restart the phone. The headphone jack is a nontypical 2.5mm so you will need an adapter to go to 3.5mm. Booooo. Battery life is so-so. If at work I listen to mp3s during the day and also do a little lunchtime web browsing for about 10-15 minutes, I can easily go from a full battery to dead in about 5-6 hours. I don't know if this is typical or not of most phones, but it'd be nice if the mp3s can make it through one whole workday, but it can't. Sound on the built-in speakers is decent for something so small.I loved my Samsung Alias, as most Alias owners do. I decided to purchase the Alias 2 on faith, assuming that Samsung had simply updated certain features of the original. I was mistaken. The first thing you will notice is the size; the alias 2 is taller, thicker, and wider than the original. If you are like me, one of the reasons you bought the original alias was it's super-slim design. I would say it's about 50% bulkier than the original. While the original slid into your jeans and disappeared, the new one will stick out like a sore thumb. I suppose the increase in size supports the new and improved camera/camcorder but I never used that feature too much in the first place. Ultimately, I would say this is the reason I returned the alias 2, but I also did not care for the much ballyhooed liquid ink screen. When texting, you must toggle through 3 screens to find all the numbers/symbols/punctuation marks that you need. In fact, the third screen only had a scant number of symbols on it, so the empty space is frustrating when toggling to the first screen for the letters. The empty space is a theme on all screens in fact, in either orientation. As I said, I found this annoying (maybe only because I became so used to the 1000 figures/symbols crammed onto the original alias phone pad). I ended up returning the alias 2 and going back to the original. I will keep my new every 2 discount until Verizon comes out with a very good Android or Apple finally relents with the iphone/At&T exclusivity.I've gone through several phones in the last few years - whenever my rebates would apply I would upgrade. Last year I settled on the Alias 2, mostly because of the e-ink technology. I was impressed at first but the excitement of the new phone wore off as it always does. Regardless, it remains a trustworthy phone. Hopefully Samsung's newer versions of the Alias will fix a few flaws that I've run into, not the least of which is a slow system. When you're in the middle of typing a text and a new text comes in, the phone freezes momentarily before saving the text-in-progress in a draft and showing you the new text. The fact that the phone saves the text is good - but it would be better if the incoming text flew to the background and the phone allowed you to continue your typing. I've had to learn that when I'm typing a text and the phone stops registering what I'm trying to enter, I have to stop pushing buttons. If you give it a second, it'll resume normal running - otherwise, you might accidentally delete the incoming text. The same goes for trying to take a picture while a text comes in - except the picture doesn't save. Occasionally the phone gets confused - if you flip from landscape to vertical positions too fast, the keys and screen don't change, even after you push a few buttons. It continues to operate as if it were in vertical mode, even though the phone is flipped to the normal position. I like that I can switch from vertical to horizontal and back while in the middle of a text, but this only works if you flip fast enough (there's plenty of time - plus if you close the phone and don't flip fast enough, it simply saves your draft) and doesn't apply to any application other than an in-progress text. There's a decent signal with the Alias 2 - my previous phone was a cheap-o so I noticed an improvement in the signal but I can't verify that it's better than the enV or Omnia or other higher-end phone. If you're considering this phone, take into consideration that none of the cases, including the slimmest clear plastic ones, fit very well on the dual-hinge. They don't prevent the phone from opening, but they do cause a strain on the hinge when flipped in landscape mode and they make phone bulkier than necessary. In terms of size, it has a great feel. It's probably a little bit taller than most phones (about the size of the enV Touch and the orignal enV) but it's very slim and definitely pocket-sized. The keyboard, both in landscape and vertical modes, is a great size and perfect for texting. The keys have a unique feel and are not too big and not too small. The front display provides access to your music and taking a picture self-portrait style. (I've seen some complaints that this isn't possible - it is, you have to hold down the play/pause button then the skip-back button to activate the camera. You can see a preview of the picture and simply press the play/pause button again to take the pic.) The front display also allows you to see text message previews and a quick response with the "Quick texts" ... You have to have "Auto-display text" options set - a feature I didn't discover until I'd had the phone for six or seven months. (Probably should have read the manual!) The volume for the speaker and the mic are good - I haven't had trouble with not being able to hear anyone or with them hearing me. The speaker phone can be a bit crackly if it's up all the way, but full volume is not necessary as it is plenty loud. When the phone is closed, i.e. listening to music - it needs to be up a bit louder and therefore is sometimes crackly but I'm satifisied with it. After all, it's phone, not a iPod dock. All-in-all, this is a great phone with just a few minor problems. I'm still happy with it after the initial novelty has worn off, even though I'm lusting after an enV Touch (just my personal fickleness when it comes to phones!) I'm saving my money, however, and holding onto the trusty Alias 2.The messaging features are nice. Typing text messages is not so much of a hassle with the keyboard. Also, the screen is quite pretty. I have found the morphing keyboard to be a great feature. When receiving calls, the phone works over half the time, but it sometimes resets when I attempt to answer calls. Also, at other times it lights up when a call is coming in, but won't actually finish the process and start ringing, so I don't know who actually called until they tell me later. I'm beginning to kick myself for signing a contract for service with this phone, and I suspect that it is going to be a pain in the butt until the contract is up.I have been using this phone for a few days now and I like it. I am not a big "gadget phone" fan, preferring a simpler device that does just what I want. The voice quality is acceptable and after a short learning cycle is easy to use. The Alias 2 allows me, a novice texter, to send and receive text messages with no real hassles. The keypad is a great size, even for my larger fingers. I would have given 5 stars, except for the learning curve required to figure the phone out. Not that this is bad, but it is definitely different than the older phones I was used to.I've had this phone for a couple of months. It's pretty cool in the way the screen and keypad can be used in either portrait or landscape. However, the keys don't have good tactile feedback. I have to type with my fingernail in order to press the keys hard enough and accurately. Its voice recognition software is worthless, so if you are accustomed to using this feature to dial (such as in the car using an earpiece), don't bother. The camera and camcorder work very well and the quality of the pictures and display are really good. The battery in this phone doesn't last near as long as my old LG, however this phone has many more features, so I think the battery life is acceptable. It's got a sleek design and it's fun to use, however, I don't think I'd buy another one because of the usability issues.My Alias 2 keeps shutting off, even with a full charge. I thought it might be a problem with my battery until my husband's phone started doing the same thing...several times a day! Since then, we have heard of two other people having the same problem with the Alias 2. The local Verizon store offered a software update, but with no guarantee that it would correct the problem. They claim that this phone wasn't a big seller, and they have never heard of this problem before. They refuse to look into the problem, saying that's just the nature of electronic devices...no guarantees. Anyone else having this problem?Had a Samsung A-310 for 6 years...a die-hard, sturdy phone. Wanted the same, with improved features. Looked for a flip phone (no purse-calling) that was intuitive, and had decent-sized keys to start texting - and this is it. You have SOOOO much room, because the keyboard changes with your need. Easy to use - intuitive for basic functions. If you choose to read the manual, there is a LOT more there. It's wonderful - thanks Samsung!!!Overall I like the phone for its call quality. I love the keyboard and find it very easy to type text messages. I haven't used the camera or the Bluetooth features. I can access my email accounts easily. The main problem with the phone is that locks up when I attempt to use the MP3 player. I have an 8GB MicroSD card with all of my music on it. I hook the phone up to my car radio to play it. Everything was fine for the first month, but now the phone locks up or freezes when it's in media mode and the only way to unlock it is to remove and then replace the battery. Very annoying. The phone has also turned off several times when I was attempting to answer a call.This is a excellent phone great talk time, excellent standby, very user friendly, I may state it takes a little time to get use to but so does it when you change to new anything. The only down fall is the top 3 keys when your texting when you have large fingers, besides that I would recommend this phone to anybody my wife and kids go through phones like water so had many phones but this one is very unique exspecially with the flip screen. The pictures are excellent minus not having a flash i can live with that cause in low light still takes excellent pics. The flashes on all other phones are a joke those are only good for a couple of foot so take how you want but I recommend this phone for anybody men or women is is very unique. Only gripe is for my wife could be in different colors but my gripe is 3 top buttons could be different thanks for reading Jeff.Don't bother with this piece of junk. It is the worst phone I have ever owned. Turns itself off inexplicably 15 times a day. Shuts down in the middle of a conversation. So embarrassing. If you "close" it too fast, it shuts down. Also, the body of the phone is way too "slippery" --- I have dropped it out of my hand a dozen times only because it's too darn slippery to hold. Impossible to flip open the phone with one hand, you need both hands to open it. Terrible product. I am thinking about quitting Verizon simply because they offer this POS phone. Don't waste your time or money with this junk.I got mine for free with the purchase of my wife's blackberry. With the understanding that this is not a full computer, its a great tool tpo give you quick access to the internet. I really don't like working on lap tops, so only own a desktop. This leaves me limited in where I can have access to the internet. This thing gives me access everywhere. I have wireless in the house and I use the broadband everywhere else. Because it is only a netbook it does have its limitations. If you are looking for a full featured machine, this is not for you. But for quick access to the internet and most files, its great.Pros: Creative use of buttons, big screen, qwerty keyboard Cons: Doesn't sync with Outlook, clunky user interface, muddled audio in ear piece/speakerphone I really have to give credit to Samsung because of the creatively designed keypad, but I don't recommend this phone overall. The phone user interface isn't simple, and is made somewhat more complicated because they keyboard layout is constantly changing based on what screen you're on. For example, there's an awkward key layout in some versions of the layout, takes too many keystrokes to do things like turn off an alarm (I guess I've been spoiled by almost always owning Nokias, as they tend to have the best-designed user interfaces). Aside from the clumsy UI, the biggest thing that killed this for our family was its inability to sync contacts and calendar events with Outlook. Maybe there's a way to do it with a combination of MyVerizon and USB cables, but its not worth the effort, especially when I can switch to a Nokia that takes care of it (as an aside, I switched to AT&T a week later because of the poor phone selection at Verizon. Also, Verizon disables any Bluetooth syncing capabilities with Outlook, even for the few Nokias they offer.) Overall, the phone is designed creatively, but its hip design doesn't make up for its poor UI and lack of features that were essential to me.never had a problem have had this phone for over 1 year camera takes decent not great pics nice big buttons for texting call quality excellent battery life pretty good all in all a happy camperHas some real ram issues. It is really unusable. It takes a good 3 minutes just to run a program. I got mine for free for signing up for Fios and I feel like I got ripped off. I thought it would be a nice little thing because we only have 1 computer in my house. But really this can be used for nothing more than a paper weight. DO NOT BUY. I had to give 1 star because 0 stars wasn't an option.Great phone, which has the comfort of a larger phone, mixed with a very easy to use qwerty keyboard. the keyboard has nice space, and a texture that feels like the kindle. With the touch of a button, the QWERTY turns into 1234, or /?!> ect. Just a need phone, highly recommended.I have had this fone for two years, and have not had one problem with it.......love the magic keys.....will wait till the Alias 3 comes out to upgrade and it better have the magic keys!I just got this phone a couple days ago and I am in love. It works great. Texting is a breeze. Great size.The first time I heard about the Samsung Alias I thought I was in for a unique phone/messaging experience. After all, it contains the E Ink powered keyboard technology where keys can transform from vertical to horizontal and from regular to QWERTY keyboard at the touch of a button and using the dual-flip style that makes this phone more than just the typical flip phone. The first release had its faults, which is why Samsung and Verizon have released the Alias 2. The phone has its improvements. The best one is the fact that, when flipped open sideways, you get enough room to navigate and type with the QWERTY keyboard. The keys are not as crammed in together as the first Alias, for more comfortable typing. The phone also contains GPS, VCast Music with Rhapsody, web e-mail , IM capabilities and a mobile web browser. You can use these features with Verizon's fast EV-DO/3 G network. The phone also has a user-friendly menu and beautiful internal and external display. It's got 80 MB of internal memory (memory expandable to 16 GB with a media card) and a 2 MP camera with some nice, though limited video-recording capabilities. The Alias 2, though an improvement from the original Alias, has its downsides. For one thing, it looks outdated. At a mere glance, it looks like a typical flip phone that's been out for years. It only comes in one color (grayish black), and there's nothing about it that makes it attractive or unique at first glance. The keys are difficult to press. I had to press the keys rather hard every time I used the QWERTY keyboard. My thumbs ached after a while. The OS is quirky. It froze on me quite a few times and I had to do a force reboot. Very annoying when you're in the middle of sending a text message or checking your e-mail. And that's another thing, the calling, or lack thereof. I had about three dropped calls in one day. That's a lot for a phone, especially when I had most if not all network bars. What gives? And last but not least, the phone contains the same old Verizon menu and looks. The only nice thing about it is that you can personalize the internal and external screens with some cute animated wallpaper or other. All in all, the Samsung Alias 2 has all the makings for a popular messaging/multimedia phone. However, I don't think it's quite ready for prime time yet. A slicker design would be nice as well as some improved features and smoother keys. If you're in the bargain for a messaging phone that's stylish as well as functional, and you're in the Verizon network, I strongly recommend the LG enV3 or the enV Touch. You cannot go wrong with those two phones. In the meantime, if you really want this phone, make sure you weigh in the pros and cons before you decide to commit to it for two long years.Let me preface this review with a disclaimer: I am NOT a techie nor a tycoon who needs continual internet access lest the global market crash. I need a basic phone, and want a few bells and whistles. I replaced a basic LG cell phone with the Alias2 on the recommendation of a friend. I immediately liked the heftier feel and the easier to read displays, though I swiftly changed the rather twee and hard to figure out menu page. Pros: I LOVE having dedicated keys for voicemail, bluetooth and voice menus. The rotating keypad is just too cool for words, and though I don't send many texts, I use the notepad all the time. The QWERTY keyboard is very easy to use, even with fingernails. It's nice to know I can check email and have internet access if necessary, though I probably never will. The camera is great, and I like the editing options for pictures. The screen size is generous and easy to see, especially in landscape mode. It's easy to use. Sound quality is good. Nice long life of battery charge. Cons: The default backgrounds, though those are easy enough to change. Some functions are difficult to find on the menus. That's how I found the voicemail key--couldn't find VM on a menu. The ring isn't loud enough to be heard when the phone is in a jacket pocket--but I've never found a phone with a loud enough ring. There's not a button on the outside that will light up the display--to check the time, you have to open the phone. (ETA: Yes, there is--it just takes a few seconds for the display to light. Duh.) This phone was a good choice for me, and I'm very happy with it.Calls are fine; battery life is terrific compared to the LG phone I just discarded. Nearly identical software found on every other Verizon phone I've had, yet the standard issue ring tones on this one are pretty bad. Great camera, HOWEVER, no support Bluetooth file system profile -- nor support for marking multiple photos for push, meaning that I have to push each picture painfully and slowly one by one to my PC via Bluetooth. So I should be done pushing the 100 or so pics I took today in about 28 days... lovely. Also, END key is right next to the SPACE key. If you inadvertently tap END while using the mobile web, it exits no matter what/where you are and it is absolutely maddening while you're trying to learn the keypad layout. Time on the front display is permanently set to 12-hr mode. I don't think I'm going to keep this one for long.The real standout feature on this phone is keyboard. I made the mistake of assuming that the mp3 bluetooth audio would be at least as good as my original LG chocolate from 3 years ago, especially since verizon just copies its old OS onto everything. The bluetooth stereo is almost unusable, very tinny, no way to adjust the sound profile. If you plug a wire in it sounds great, but not very useful. Phone call quality is ok. it has a spot for upto 16GB card, which would be perfect if it was useful as an MP3 player. If it wasn't too late to return it , I would. Also the Voice recognition is not accurate or useful, something else that used to work flawlessly with my 3yr old chocolate.As a teenager, I do a lot of texting. This phone has a great full QWERTY keyboard or if you want, a number pad. The changing keys are cool and people go ooo! and ahh! as they see you flip it both ways. The 2 megapixel camera is good for recording video and photos. There is only a small piece holding the screen to the bottom unit in the corner that seems flimsy from the pictures. It is NOT a flimsy device. This was not a problem. In fact, while walking home on a trail I dropped it without realizing it. The next day I was looking for it all over. When I was walking on the trail I noticed it in the mud. I was mortified because people drive ATV/Quads all over the trail. Upon lifting up the phone I saw that it had been run over and caked in mud. I knew it was not going to work because of how wet it was. Amazingly, it worked fine. I got home and brushed it with a paper towel. It's as good as new. The only problem is that you have to change the keyboard layout in order to get to the numbers. This makes it just as hard to type the number 4 as it is to type four. It's a nice reliable little phone. If you are interested in a standard phone for texting and calling, this is great for you. Pros: Durable Reliable good for texting Cons: A little slow sometimes It's slippery Not a smartphone but it's a cheap one The best secret feature is that if you scratch the back a certain way it makes a cool noise like scratching a record.I love the e-ink technology (the qwerty keyboard is great for texting), but that is the highlight. The huge drawback, if you need to make calls with the bluetooth, is that the voice activation system is useless. My old phone worked flawelessly in this area, but with the Alias 2, if I say, "Call John Smith," IF it responds (and many times it doesn't), it will say, "Did you say dial 123?" or some other number, or name that is nothing like the one I've said. It's incredibly frustrating. I don't want to look at my phone as I am driving, that is why I rely on the Voice Activation/Bluetooth to make my calls. Without voice activation working properly, I am looking at my phone, scrolling through my address book, and just generally distracted instead of focusing on the road. SO DISAPPOINTING.I got this thing and loved it. It is great mini computer for everyday on the go use. Nice size, screen is not too small but not too big either. Keyboard is just as easy to use as a large keyboard. Operating system if you get it in XP works well on this little PC. It does just about everything a large one would do but more portable. I would recommend!My daughter and I both got the LG enV2 about 8 months ago. We're currently waiting for our third version of this. Both phones of our first phones failed within 5 months (keys stopped working on outside, dropped calls, goes back to menu in middle of texting, calls contacts at random times and much more). We got "new" ones, which were refurbished phones from Verizon. They lasted a few months before failing with similar problems, plus now I have almost no volume even though its maxed on the setting. We're waiting for our next set of "new" phones to arrive later this week. Can't wait to see how long these last. The upgrade to a different phone isn't an option until you've been in the contract one year and can only upgrade one phone then.Problem: phone was phased out by AT&T so i couldn't even use it or buy sim card or anything for it! AT&T should inform sellers!!to oldThis is the third phone I've purchased for my son since we switched him to AT&T. The first two were the same phone and were no good within a few months. This one has lasted him almost a year now. He likes it and I like not having to replace it all the time.thank you so much, and thanks for everything, i need, i want, i love it, its excellent, wonderful, forever thanksIt's doing good but I was expecting a charger to come with it. I had to get one to fit the phoneIt's exactly what I was looking for. Nice and simple. I would recommend this to anyone looking for less technical.Brand new - out of the box - I charged this phone as instructed (four hours - I gave it six) and when unplugged - black screen. I am returning to Amazon.likePhone came and is okay, but phone was never cleared and had all previous owners information and numbers in it. Not cool.We were looking for an attractive, pre-paid cell phone and this fit the bill. It's easy to use, has good battery life, and includes a serviceable camera. The phone is comfortable to use (something that couldn't be said for the Motorola flip phones), snaps closed with a solid feel, and the menus are straightforward. Call quality with AT&T is very good. There are two things that could be improved: there should be a way to get photos off the phone without having to send a video text message, and it would be nice to be able to import phone numbers from a PC. For the price though it's no big deal. Other than those quibbles we're very happy with the phone.If you are looking for something simple that has great call quality this is the phone. I researched low SAR (absorbed radiation) and this was the cheapest most simple phone available. My other phone was ancient, so this feels like a huge step up. Love the speakerphone, internal antenna. The camera doesn't take super clear pictures, but my other phone didn't have a camera at all - so still a step up. Overall pleased with how it functions and quality of calls.HIGHS- good sound quality, good reception, and decent battery life LOWS- VERY small cheap feeling plastic buttons, confusing menu, no flashI saw this phone at Best Buy for the same price but with $30 included air timeI bought this off of "I sell things". It is the wrong color, scratched and beat up badly! It's not worth the postage to return or exchange it! My daughter worked hard for this and got crap!I was told on the phone, by Amazon customer support, that this phone had Bluetooth capability. The Amazon website even shows you bluetooth headsets as "available accessories". However, this phone doe not support either bluetooth or wireless headsets. I guess that is why it is so cheap. I had to return the phone. Inside the packaging, Samsung had a picture of a "corded" headset you could purchase for this phone.we havent got the phone yet but id say my dad will love it cause he has been lookin for one like itA friend was using one of these phones, then gave it me about 6 months ago. A few days back, I just switched my sim card and went online to at&t change the "make" of my phone, this phone wasn't available in the list. But it works just fine, only been using it for a few days, long battery life. I just use it for the occasional call so I can't comment on the features. I do not know if there is anything else needed to get it working since mine was already used, and I would get another because I have seen some decent prices around.Got this phone for temporary use while travelling in the US. Difficult to activate - had to call AT&T when the online activation wouldn't work - took 20 minutes on the phone with a very friendly AT&T associate to activate, mainly because I didn't save the plastic box it came in so didn't have the UPC number! Texting is a nightmare with cheap keys and no Qwerty keyboard. Menus are difficult to follow and aren't logical. I even found it difficult to answer when someone called. Can't wait to get home to my iPhone... BEst just to go to a store and buy one there already activated and ready to go. It's now known in my family as the StopPhone.First of all I need to delete my lst review since there was much confusion when I tried to activate this phone with Verizon. This phone does not go by IMEI, it goes by DEC and HEX, the Verizon rep didn't look on Verizon guildelines as I finally did but thought it was an obsolete phone. The problem was Verizon's not the seller. The 2nd Verizon rrep got the phone activated. The seller called me and asked me to remove my negative comment which I am attempting to do. I ended up returning the phone because it wouldn't hold the charge. The seller generously gave me not only my sale price but refunded both postage to and from the seller.I made a three hour international call and it didn't even bring the battery meter have a bar. WOW, I am so impressed on the long battery life. The sound quality compares to my Infinity Accoustics Kappa Audiophile studio speakers. No need to raise the volume. I had ordered this flip phone to compliment my Moto Droid Touch IV Mini as a backup phone. I have found my new main phone. $35.00 for this product is a steal. it should be worth more.Horrible purchase. Came today and first thing I noticed is it is far from "like new". Looks like my 5 yr old has been playing with it a few yrs. Avoid at all costs. I guess its cheap for a reason. Dont waste your moneyAfter only having this phone for a month it won't charge. First of all I ordered a pink one for my daughter and it arrived in silver. The charger that was included was clearly not the factory Motorola charger. When I plug in the phone now it displays a message saying that it is unable to charge. I have not tried an alternate charger yet, but I shouldn't have to. The one that came with the phone should work.The phone arrived with some scratches on the front and back, and I was a little disappointed when I saw the keypad was weathered and worn more than I'd like, but considering it's an 8+ year old phone, it's in very good condition. The screen, dial pad, speaker, everything works as it should. Had no problem activating it on to my existing verizon account. The included charger works great, however the battery was pretty weak, it only lasts about 10 hours or so on a full charge. Just order a replacement battery to be safe, (they're a few bucks) the phone lasts for days now with the new battery. Good phone though, good sellerI have this " sane phone " in " Paris Hilton Red ". The Phone is " Simply Awesome " . Has " All Great Cell Phone Features '. I Love It some much ---------- I'm " soon going to pruchase this same phone again " ! Would recommend this order and cell phone to " Any And All Amazon Cusotmers " Sinply Becasue It Is A Superior Cell Phone " !DISAPOINTED! phone was great, but the "new" battery wouldn't hold a charge long before dying. This was for my 78 yr old disabled dad and he can't use it. Too much of a hassle spent charging all the time.Verizon cannot hook up that phone any more. Too old and not powerful enough. Verizon said no more with those phones. You shipped what I asked for so not your fault.Defiantly much smaller then raiser I remember.Bought this phone used (but claimed to be refurbished), and it was supposed to be fully tested and functional. It is not. First, the battery would not hold a charge, so bought a new OEM battery. Plugged it into the supplied (with the phone) charger, and received an error message that the charger was not an authorized Motorola charger. Bought a new charger (now we;'re up to $28.99 for the phone, $6.22 for the OEM battery, and $3.50 for the new charger. The phone refuses to work. Was able to activate it over the internet via computer, but the phone itself has internal problems. It starts, then flickers and dies. Repeated attempts to make it work were useless. Even tried using the phone with the charger still plugged in, and no luck. It lights up, flickers, and then dies, over and over. This phone was not refurbished, nor even tested. It's used, and its internals do not work properly. By the time I got the new battery, and then waited for the new charger and finally was able to use the phone, it was too late to take any action about the phone's failure to even operate in basic mode. I've got what amounts to a $40 paperweight. Be very wary about buying used phones, esp those that claim to be "refurbished" and fully functional. You get what you pay for, and in the case of used, or refurbished phones, you're taking a big risk that it'll even work, much less be fully functional. Lesson learned. No more used phones, nor dealing with sellers of these products.I bought this for my mom. She had a smartphone but didn't like it. She loves this phone and it isn't in to bad of condition. It can be a little glitchy at times and had also turned off for no reason a couple times. The charging port is very loose and that could be reason it randomly turns off. It is a used phone and I dont think I would get another one.The first phone I got from this company was not unlocked. And a month after I got this phone it has issues with charging.Lovely memories are in my hand!the cell phone is brokenGot it in the mail way way late and then I charged it over night. I went to turn it on and it would light up on the front screen but only for a second and then go black. I never could get it to turn on and wasn't able to hook it up to the line I needed it on. Returns take forever and I really needed a phone so I wound up having to just buy another one. Money doesn't grow on trees. When you buy a product that they guarantee is in working condition they should make sure it is.Nice phone, suck company.This phone was advertised as Used - Mint Condition!!! When I received it, the phone looked like new and I was very excited to put the battery in and let it charge before calling my phone company to make the transfer. Once the back was removed, the phone was clearly a REFURBISHED phone from the manufacturer. Reluctantly, I placed the battery and let it charge for 12 hours until it said charge complete. I turned the phone on and let it sit for 24 hours without using it. The next day, it was totally drained. I repeated the steps again to just be sure and this time, I let the phone charge for 24 hours. Again ,I left the phone and low and behold, it was totally drained. This phone was either damaged, or had a battery problem which I will never know. I will not buy from these people again. I have to now pay for a return shipping and waste more time taking it to UPS and wait for the credit to be issued.....AGGRAVATING.....Bad battery and other problemsThis phone is great. Does just what it should and I think it is better made than most of the lower end phones a person can buy now days. They seem to be more fragile, lighter weight and cheaply made. This phone takes really nice pictures, too. It isn't iPad quality, but for the price I am very happy.These are great phones. My wife's old one had a broken screen, so I replaced this and my son's non RAZR phone. We had good experience with the RAZR, so we decided to get 2 this time. I "upgraded" both phones online without any issues. We have an old Verizon plan, didn't want to pay the required data plan for a new smart phone, and didn't like their current non-smart phones. I'm guessing that Verizon intentional had some bad non-smart phones so people would lean towards the more profitable smart phones and plans. We only use our phones for calls, so this was a great alternative to getting a Verizon store offered phone. I am a long time Verizon customer, but would have switched to another provider than pay for an unnecessary data plan if I had to. I am happy I can keep my old plan, and not have to switch to their newer plans. Note that Verizon customer support did not volunteer this upgrade option (buying replacement phone from non-Verizon store) until I asked them directly. I also could not get my GetItNow or BackupAssitant (contact auto-sync) to work on these legacy/unsupported Verizon phones. Not a show stopper for me since I printed (but wasted too much paper--wished they had a simple list view) the contacts that were already in the contacts online from my old, broken phone, and just manually copy/backup the numbers now. Also we (wife and I) don't use GetItNow (much). Too bad since I thought BackupAssistant was one of Verizon's better, more useful features, especially when upgrading phones. It was (and still is) annoying that they didn't upgrade their error messge when trying to run GetItNow/Get_New_App from "Unable to retrieve catalog. Please try again later. (3332)" to "Legacy/unsupported phone. Don't waste your time to try again". If I didn't see the reviews for this error, I think I would have wasted my time with Verizon support since I didn't see any positive feedback (good/simple solutions) yet. If they wanted to fix the issue, they would of had a good, simple resolution a few years ago, not just possibly getting support at a Verizion store, and possibly getting an unusable phone at the end. Again, my online "upgrade/replacement" of my phone was simple and straigtforward, and my phone calls are working fine. I wouldn't think Verison would make much money from supporting or if they still sold these old/legacy phones, so fixing/maintaining their sofware for them would be a very low priority (they wouldn't want say they give no support to their existing phones). At the end, I am still happy I could keep my old (non-data) plan, fix/replace my phone, even though I don't have BackupAssitant. Phone and phone call quality is still 5 stars. Verizon's GetItNow and BackupAssitant support of these legacy Verizon phones, 2 stars.Bought this for my parents who were reluctant to try a smartphone when their razr stopped working on their provider. Didn't work. Gave 3 stars because the seller tried to make it right but the second didn't work either. Oh well, I tried.Good phone! Phone arrived kind of dirty but phone works great!Worked pretty good. A little laggy though and sometimes it seemed as though I would text too fast for it to keep up. I still enjoyed it though.This is an old school Motorola phone, but works well and is reliable. The only thing I am not crazy aout is that the battery doesn't last long. It really needs to be plugged in each night. I bought a newer battery, but it still doesn't last that long.Very delayed, asked if it had any noticeable defects knowing it was refurbished/used, but was assured it worked great. Extremely delayed navigating from contacts to messages, and so on. Going to have to buy another phone.I really like this phone. It has better reception than my last phone. Less dropped calls and clearer voice reception. Like the size and how easily it opens. I am even getting used to the pink color.excellent product and service.This phone no longer works.Verizon cannot activate this phone. It was a waste of money.I specifically ordered this particular phone because of the "little to no scratches" , not the case here. Screen is scratched inside and out, the phone looks like it was dropped on the corners a dozen times at least, scratches on the back also. This seller needs to be a lot more specific to the condition of the phone. Pictures would be an excellent idea, I didn't turn the phone on yet I hope it works.Motorola razr gets a 4 star, basic flip phone, easy to activate. Device can take a memory card for music and photos. That was a nice surprise. Haven't used it yet to give an first hand opinion. Doesn't hold a charge for more than a day. However will re-charge very quickly. Heavy users, better carry a battery pack. People may say wow they still sell those! But if your not into the smartphone phenomenon, this phone will suit you well.I was not able to activate the phone (the numbers I needed off of the back were missing).Some numbers on the phone did not work. I had to pay for shipping to receive it and to ship it back. I was only refunded the amount I paid for the phone.ESN of the phone does not match the Verizon ESN printed on the sticker in the battery compartment. Consequently, Verizon will not activate phone. Wasted $30.I have had 3 of these phones, this one will not snc to the bluetooth in my car like m other one did, it is the old programming, and it cannot be up dated--I want to return this for a full credit, lets see how I get jerked aroud nowmy phone would not connect to the network and it was a verison network and screwed around with it for 2 hours. Never doing that again.it was in bad shape full of scratches itlookedas used as it was no hapoy with it at all.The phone arrived just within the time frame for delivery. The outside was in excellent condition and looked almost new. The inside, however, was dirty and had traces of chocolate! The phone performs all of its functions except that the memory card reader does not work. All in all, considering I was looking for a quick replacement for a phone that wasn't working properly, I am happy with the purchase and the price.I purchased this rather basic piece of equipment "used" assuming that the risk of defect was low. I got burned. The device will not power down completely without pulling the battery. Also, the battery is completely depleted after approx 30 mins of talk. The only reason I didn't returned it is because I had already given it to my elderly mother. Plus, I didn't want to expend more of my valuable returning it. The cost was less than $50.The charger collapsed on receipt. Don't know if the phone works. At $150 bucks would expect a manual in original packaging. Stuff thrown in a box with nothing else!I bought this for my husband because he doesn't like or want a smartphone. He had an older version of this phone, many years old, and it lasted forever until the battery finally gave out. For about $50 more I was able to get him this new one. It is a great little phone, very slim and light, and the camera and standard features work great. Would recommend for someone who just wants a phone for making and receiving calls, simple texts, and a few pictures here and there.Battery does not workI find this phone to be one of the finest basic phones available. This is my second one. The original lasted six years with one battery replacement. For the money you will not find a better basic phone.Works well as a secondary devise.this phone is terrible, as soon as i received the phone i realized that it wasnt charging at all...dont buy a used phone from amazon...its terrible. when i plug the chaarger it says complete charge after 1 or 2 min of using the phone it starts saying low battery...i had to talk on the phone while it was pluged on the wall...bad experience hopefully ill get a complete refund..Timely arrival. Phone condition was as advertised. Life of battery seems to be OK. Only disappointment in moving it to my Verizon account was that the pictures I had on the phone wouldn't transfer to this one. Contact phone numbers transferred OK.Arrived quickly, charged quickly, added to Cell phone account easily and without and hassles. Great product!Delivered on time. Better than new.its nice but I was wondering if this phone takes a sim cardWould Not Turn On.Used this as parts, outdated phone so I have nothing to say about it.Great phones.. Seller was great to deal with.Works Great!Well pleased with the secondhand RAZR. Thank you so much.Didn't work as details specifiedThe phone was ok but battery must have been junk would only stay charged for 1 day and after 2 weeks the sound went completely bad, could not hear incoming or out going calls, ended up purchasing a new phone from Verizon, so much for the LIKE NEW advertisement!The supplier exceeded my expectations as the quality was even better than advertised and the phone go here quickly.It would not work at the verizon store. We tried a they said it wouldn't work. Disappointed with this phoneRAZR phone was just as advertised. Used but like-new condition with just a couple of scratches. Shipped promptly as advertised. Having this replacement phone really has saved us from upgrading to a more expensive contract. Verizon staff transferred all the phone numbers with ease at no cost. Thanks Golden Net !NEVER WORKED FROM DAY ONE.This phone has a mind of it's own. The video works when it wants to and the charge may last a day or 15 minutes.New, this phone is the best, but used, you never know what you're going to get. This particular phone is a dud!Phone didnt work and never heard back from sellerphone was in excellent condition, however the numbers 2 4 6 and 8 did not work. Should have known by the low price it was to good to be true.Motorola RAZR V3m Arrived in in good shape and on time. It came with a charger but the battery doesn't always hold a charge.Everything as expected, no problems. The case came separate from the phone, which was a little weird, but everything was in great condition and the phone works great.Replacement for my husband's old one just like it! He loves it!It doesn't know when it gets closed, all features related to opening and closing don't work. I knew it was used, but not broken.It says it's verizon wireless compatible, but it's not. Verizon technical support said they would be unable to activate it. Only works with "Alltel" plans.Didn't even work. Was told differently that it worked. No. I'm getting my while REFUND BACKI ordered this because my current RAZR V3m was not reliable in receiving a signal. After several days I began having the same problem. At first I thought it was Verizon but obviously it's not. I have absolutely no complaints with the vendor.Put in the new battery still doesn't hold a chargeBroke within two weeks not a great product usedDid work, but not correctly. Shut off at will waste of money.Phone is fine, it works and looks good. No damage. Its just that the battery didn't hold a decent charge. You'd think they would test the battery on it or leave notes saying battery isn't good.This phone doesn't stay charged and when the battery gets low it will not send text without notification the text didn't send. Has cause major headaches!! Sorry I got rid of my other phone, it worked much better than this one.Exactly as described!I had a phone like this before ,and had no problems, this phone even with a new battery with not hold a charge, I would never buy a used cell phone again. It has been plugged into the wall more than used to talk on.no one could program it so sent t back, case was a waste. was with out a phone for 10 days.Fast shipping.Phone was in great shape as described.I just wanted a basic phone and this one is perfect.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a basic phone.I love this phone! I've purchased many over the years and this is the nicest. Exactly as described.I am not a texter so this phone is perfect. Flat, easily fits pockets and all menus are and controls are clearly understandable.Phones lasted only a few days each; back light out, difficulty in charging. Waste of money, time & effort. Do not recommend.Piece of crap. Should have known better. It worked for a while BUT started going crazy. I don't recamend. NopeThe phone arrived very well packaged. I activated the phone and it work perfect. The phone was in such great condition it look like it was new.the battery just keeps going dead so fast. I think yall sold me a defect batteryHappy with the purchase.I don't like that you can't personalize anything on the phone. Not settings, not layout, not directional keys, nada. It's difficult to navigate and doesn't have the wide variety of options for viewing messages by contact vs individual message. You also cannot send or I think receive video messages. Has a decent camera however. Also with a used phone the battery life and the battery itself are crap. Wouldn't make this purchase again but is a good phone to get you day to day if yours is broken/defaulty like my old one was.This is a great phone. I got exactly what I wanted. I have used it every day, good stinking phone.This phone will not be usable without buying a new battery. This was a waste of money. I would not buy a used phone on Amozon again.ThanksIt did not work.Good little phoneThe battery for this phone keeps dying. Has to be recharged at least twice a day. Time display needs larger font.Phone is junk. Won't hold a charge. Stays hot when in use.The charger did not belong to this particular phoneThe volume control never worked. Replacement sent and after 1 month white bar across the screen. Was cheap but not worth it all the time wasted and we ended up buying an unused/unopened phone from another seller. Customer service was good but product not.I like the small thin design as it fits neatly in my shirt pocket and meets all my wireless needs.This phone looked to be a prepaid phone and it did not get a signal. This phone did not work for me. Was returned.As advertisedGood, reliable & exactly what I ordered.Works great no problems what so ever I love itI purchased this phone in hopes of replacing my old razr from Verizon. I was excited when I got this in the mail and the phone looked like official Verizon merchandise but I later learned that not all features were supported by the Verizon network even though this phone is advertised by the seller that it does. The first thing I noticed when I turned the phone on was that the software was different than my old one but I figured the phone may have older/newer software. I went to the Verizon store and they had a little trouble getting the phone activated but once it was up then it was ready to go but only a couple things...it constantly roams and it can not send nor recieve picture messages. I was on the phone with Verizon's tech support for over two hours but they were not able to help me so their suggestion was to go to a Verizon store. So, back to the Verizon store I went where I was told the software that was installed was through Altell...not Verizon. They said they would not be able to flash it to Verizon so that I could actually utilize all the features of the phone without frying the phone. I went to another Verizon store who did attempt to flash it but it did nothing. As the representative looked at the phone she noticed that the back plate which this seller boasted as a Verizon phone was just a little off which indicated that the Verizon back plate was not the original and there were some scuff marks on it...which also indicated that the phone was used..another disappointment since the one I ordered was advertised as new. I paid close to 80.00 for this phone because the seller indicated that it was indeed a Verizon phone and was supported by the Verizon network. $80.00 lesson learned and now I have a phone that I can't use except as a great paper weight and a powerful reminder there isn't always truth in advertising.Do not waist your time and money on this product. Phone did not come with a serial number so I cannot use the phone. The sender is not giving me the option to return it either. I'm calling amazon.The one works. It smells like cigarettes. I bought it "like new". There's a numerous amount of deep scratches. & there's still photos from the orinial user that I cannot deletenever workedYes, I was very glad to have my "old" phone back. ther were a bunch of old calls on it. I called a couple of them (in Ohio) and then deleted themThe cell phone worked fine,but when I went to Verizon I could not activate this phone on my plan. I would highly recommend not ordering cell phones from this seller.Good at the time I use them, but now they are not needed.The phone could not be activated because, after a number of attempts, the sales person at the Verizon store said it was too old. .I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PHONE. IT ONLY STAYS CHARGED FOR SO LONG. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE.This item was purchased several months ago and has never worked. I am the mother of the under age child who hit the button to purchase this phone with a credit card she had saved on Amazon. She did not have permission or authority (our fault) to purchase it. When it came and we (parents) found out about it, the battery was dead and would not hold a charge of any kind. To use the phone it had to be plugged in. What's the purpose of having a cell (cordless) phone if you have to leave it plugged in to use? I think the person who sold her this phone knew this and wanted to dump it off on any sucker who nibbled on it.I want AT&T phoneFirst of all, this section is for rating of a MOTO RAZR, NOTHING ELSE. STOP complaining about poor shipping speeds and bad customer service. If you got a bum deal on a used phone, wake up people, you get what you pay for! Now my review: I paid $20 for a USED Moto Razr, and it was a screaming deal! The phone is slim, still styleish after all these years and works PERFECTLY!! Razr has always been a good phone. DON'T BE STUPID and follow the negitive reviews, these are from clueless consumers who really don't know much about electronics. They are rating the shipping time of the phone and that is NOT what these reviews are for. Deal with it. PHONE RATING: 5 STARS. Keep in mind- these are OLD ELECTRONIC DEVICES! Did you really think they would work just like new?! FOOLS!I'll first say what others have said on similar reviews--this is a review of the actual phone, not the seller or the carrier service. What can I say? This was my very first phone, and man was it a good one. I still have one as my backup phone. Even to this day, it is one of the most reliable products I have ever owned, and is far more reliable than almost every phone on the market today (rivaled only by the iPhone). The phone could hardly be any thinner and fits easily in any pocket. Its hinge is strong and durable; I never had it break or cease to function. The paint never chipped (except when I dropped it) or lost its color. The software (mine was Verizon software) is nothing special, but it does its job very well. It is easily navigable, making it simple to check text messages or phone records. It's not made for extended web sessions, but you can check your email on it just fine. The camera isn't the highest resolution out there, but it works as intended when you need a picture in a pinch. The keys feel great and are big enough for anyone to see. They can easily be texted on. The keypad on my RAZR did finally fall apart over time, but it lasted well over 2 years before doing so and the buttons still worked in spite of it. I'm rating this phone 5 stars because it accomplished what it set out to do; give the user a quality, reliable, and innovative (for its time) product that blasted the competition out of the water. It isn't for everyone; it has none of the smartphone "flair" or performance, but it gets the job of a phone and text message platform done extremely well. This phone was born in a world without smartphones, but even today in a world where smartphones dominate, the Motorola RAZR V3 hasn't lost its relevance or effectiveness--and I respect that a great deal.My original one still works fine, but the paint has worn off, so it looks old. The two (supposedly) new ones do not ring. My son is lucky, his works fine. So if you want to chance it, get one, if vibrate is good for you. I'm back to using my original one bought a long time ago from Motorola. Great phone if it really is from Motorola and is new. I doubt it.Why is this a best seller in 2018?I wasted the $90 I spent on this phone. The keypad became nonfunctional over about four months. First the green button that makes a call, then certain numbers, then the directional arrows. If you drop the phone even once, on any surface, it won't turn on until you remove and put back the battery, and even then it's finicky. Most of the claimed features do not come w/the phone. You have to have the Motorola syncing software.Please be careful if you choose to purchase this phone. I purchased 2, one for my mom, and one for myself..I purchased these because they were advertised as Verizon compatible. When I took them to Verizon to have them activated, they could not activate them...they are only compatible with TMobile, and one other signal. I do not want anyone else getting screwed over.Didnt work. Called shipper and had no response. Verizon does not support this phone anymoreJust looking at the price is shocking... These dinky phones were poI purchased this RAZR as a replacement for my husband's that is falling apart. We are trying to lower out bills and reduce our wireless costs by going back to our basic phones. I got the phone and all accessories very timely, BUT... I call Verizon to activate the phone and they tell me it is in use. What the he**?!?!?! A huge waste of $80 being we can't even use it. VERY UPSET and DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!!! Seriously... how can it be in use if I have the phone in my possession? Anyway... SUCKS and never again!!!!Ordered this phone and thought I was getting a good deal, till it showed up and the phone had no battery. Now I have to go and purchase a battery for it... Be careful who you order from!!It didn't work when received. Took it to the verizon store, THEY could not make it work, sent it back for a refund !!!! I wanted it because of the slim design. I carry my phone in my pocket, wish it HAD worked !!It wouldn't charge. A ripoffArrived in good shape and works just fine!I really love this phone always have since Verizon first came out with the Motorola RAZR V3m. Nice and slim fits in my jeans pocket nicely. Great sound loaded with features. GREAT! AAA+++Remember when it was a cool feeling to sloooowly peeling off the protective film from the screen and or keypad, yea, it was cool wasn't it, these are that same feeling where you can relive those days, the condition will say "like new" when I got it from the doorstep to check it out it literally was brand new condition it had the protective film on the screen to slooooowly remove everything looked prestine, this is a basic phone to make phone calls for those wondering will only work on verizon is their own signal, it truly is all you needPhone looked brand new. No problem at Verizon with activation. If you have the correct USB cable for this phone bring it with you. I had to transfer contacts one at a time via bluetooth since that required two cables for them to do and they only had one.Battery wouldn't hold a charge for even a full day. tried buying replacement batteries from other companies had same problems. If trying to use bluetooth with any of the batteries phone would shut off and not turn back on unless you removed and put the battery back in. Tried to return to the seller: Dealscaly but they refused. Wasted my money.My sweetheart had one of these since 2005. Recently, the phone ceased being capable of charging its battery (even a new one). I secretly suspect that she had plugged an unauthorized charger into it, ruining the charger electronics. Her contract with Verizon was well past two years, so she was eligible for a free phone. We looked on Verizon.com and everywhere on the internet, but she could not find a phone like her pink Motorola RAZR phone. My sweetheart wanted a pink RAZR phone just like the one she had. This product filled the bill exactly. It is the spitting image of her old phone and every feature works great. It was thoroughly clean outside and all previous numbers and data had been removed inside. She loves her `new' (reconditioned) phone! My sweetheart is 76.I bought it for my motherDefinitely was able to use this phone for awhile.This phone was in GREAT condition! I appreciate the seller, saling the item they advertised. I received it in a great amount of time. I would advise anyone that want to buy used electronics to use this seller. I am more that satisfied and look for to using them possibly in the future.Could not use to oldStill a fun old school phone, still has that click open cache.The phone was fine. We had it turned on and contacts switched over. The cover of the battery would not stay on, and the charger that came with the phone did not work. We had an old charger for a RAZR to charge the phone. We are returning it and hoping to get another one. Would have been happier to have just switched out the backing and charger. I had contacted the company had no problem getting responses.Purchased used - this review is not about the phone in particular, but in the one received from the seller. Additionally, due to time constraints I did not attempt to take advantage of any guarantees. Purchased for my wife - she was sick of her smartphone and wanted to go back to the past. It came with a charger and a battery. The charger was aftermarket, and the connector was of very low quality - it broke within a week or so. Because Motorola back in the day tried to force you to use "genuine" chargers, I had to get a Motorola charger. Then the batter stopped holding a charge a week or so after that. I believe there was a guarantee, but we had to go on a trip and didn't have time to wait - so I grossly overpaid for a batter at batteries plus. Things were going ok, but eventually the 0 button stopped working reliably a few months later, then the phone starting locking up a month or so after than. Several factory resets and hours later it was stable again, but only temporarily... Pretty sure we got a lemon. It is now in the trash. Moral of the story is that if you have issues, be sure to get ahold of the seller right away.I currently own an ALLTEL Motorola V3c. I love that phone and since Verizon disabled it I cannot use it. The V3c is nothing like the V3m. The battery needs to be on the charger at all times. This is the 2nd V3m I have purchased since my original phone was disabled and they are both junk. I will resign to the fact that this phone has NO extras and drains the battery continuously. I wish I could remove that star.The phone that I received was rated as being in "very good" condition yet the entire Get It Now/Media Store function refused to work. This is a problem that Verizon Wireless is aware of and has no plans to do anything about it. Details can be found in my review here: http://www.amazon.com/review/R3CD4BYNT4DA46/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm (I'm not allowed to duplicate my own reviews.. even if it is for the same problem on essentially the same product). If downloads are important to you, beware because many older Verizon phones just can't do it anymore.. and the sellers don't seem to know anything about it. I sent four requests to four different sellers requesting information as to whether their phone's Get It Now/Media Store was removed and didn't get a single reply. I emailed the seller that I bought mine from, I was told that the phone was "completely functional" in spite of the fact that it was missing the Get It Now/Media Store (functionality that is contained in the description of the product). I was offered a refund but couldn't find a seller that would tell me if their phone worked or not.. so what's the point. Thanks a lot Verizon for breaking so many phones and thanks to the sellers that don't even know that the equipment they are selling doesn't work correctly (my seller didn't even have a Verizon account to test his phones with!). If you only make and receive calls and texts, this probably doesn't apply to you. If you want to use ANY of the phone's extended features (ringtones, music and video downloads or any application such as Navigator, Facebook, Backup Assistant, etc.), check with the seller to make sure the phone they're selling isn't suffering from the missing Get It Now/Media Store catalog problem. NOTE TO AMAZON: The material in this review is completely of my own composition and pertains to a number of Verizon phones. This review was composed first in Word to take advantages of Word's spelling and grammar checker, but was composed solely for use in Amazon's review section to review the specifically mentioned products (in this case the Verizon V3m in pink). Any similarities between this review and any other review that I have written is due to the fact that the problem that I detail in this review directly affects over 50 different phone models, not just the one I bought. Different products, exact same problem.Exactly what I wanted. However, it was advertised as being purple, and arrived silver. OK for me as I like silver. Needed to buy battery as the one in the phone would not hold the charge very long.I haven't had the phone turned on yet but it arrived on time and in great condition its for my 73 year old mom in law she is so excited about getting a new phone so prayerfully Verizon won't have any trouble turning it and transferring her old service to this phone.I often have trouble doing a review - sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. I am pleased with my experience with this seller. The item was just as described, shipped in a very reasonable time frame and the price was reasonable.phone is unable to be connected to Verizon!not happyI have had 4 of these at a time on my family plan over the years and needed to replace a lost Razr and let me I was not disappointed in getting this Razr. Always reliable and small enough to fit in the smallest pockets!Junk ,almost 3 hrs to set up. Only works whenever it wants to. Very overpriced.I replaced my older RAZR V3m that I dropped on concrete with this exact duplicate. It's a great little phone if you don't want or need all the bells and whistled. And for the price, a very good deal.I can find no other cell phone as durable as the RAZR. SInce I don't need a Smart Phone in my life, the metal case makes this my #1 Choice. I hope the cell systems always provide support so I can keep on using the phone I swear by.Ended up in the trash --- had charging problems, took it in to Verizon, and the charger outlet in the phone was broken.My dad loves his razor so Mich, o had to find a replacement one when his quit working.. Thank you amazon for still having one!!Dead battery basically worthlessI originally bought this phone 6 or 7 yrs. ago and I loved it. I must have dropped it a gazillion times and it worked great for the first five or so years. I had to pray over it to get it to last the additional year. I really did pray over it. The screen finally gave out and I was no longer able to see anything, although I could still make and receive calls. If I put my SIM card in my other phone I could read my texts. After a month or so of that, I broke down and order this phone from Amazon. It was in good working condition, however, it was a Sprint phone (not mentioned in description by the seller) and I have T-Mobile. Luckily I bought a Samsung Exhibit, while I was waiting for the phone to arrive (I planned to give the Moto to my daughter). The Samsung is great, it was definitely time for me to upgrade, but there are some things that the 'ol Moto does that the fancy new Samsung doesn't. For example, the alarm will still go off on the Moto even when the phone is turned off. I liked that feature, because I like to turn my phone off a night to save battery, but know that my alarm will still wake me up in the morning. So basically, if you need a phone to do just about everything except download apps, this is the phone to get.Very disappointed to find out from Verizon that this is not a Verizon phone. Feels like I just handed over money for nothing.Loved it and had it for a long time until Verizon wouldn't give me good service. I was persuaded to change, otherwise I would've kept it forever.okay but I had to order a new battery which I did through Amazon and it was brand new and it works great now.The phone can not work very well. Battery runs out so fast. I need to charge it everyday even I didn't make any calls and receive any calls. My friends always complain a lot of noises. I need to switch to other Verizon phone to be able hear well.Its a pre paid phone so was unable to activate it through our provider. Wish I would have known :(GREAT TO TROLL WITHMy dad used the parts from this to make another cell phone work and it works great! Got here very fast too!The Razor was clean and it very good condition, works well!I got this to replaced a device I had (lost?) in a hospital. It arrived quickly was easy to reload with my phone book and took care of my needs until I was discharged.... Then I wanted it to link to my vehicle's Kenwood. I mean my previous (older) one did. Would not work, so I stopped at the local Verizon where the associate pulled out his smarter phone and quickly said, "Your Bluetooth isn't working, no signal". So that where I am, wish the sellar had fully check it out before selling (well I thought that was implied)!I needed a simple but uesful phone. If you don't need a smart phone but one that is waht phones were ment to be this one is good.I guess you get what you pay for (t was used, and refurbished). It was a real bargain. However it took about 6 months to break.I needed to get a basic phone and this one meets my expectation. I would recommend this phone as a good basic phone.the * button didnt work, but i paid 31 shipped, so i didnt want to give up that easy when i couldnt call *228 for verizon, but got it working. the seller left a few things out about the phones cosmetic blems, but the phone itself is sweet and for $31 shipped not only do you get what you pay for, its sharp for being a non smart phone. i got sick of replacing expensive phones and saving $30 a month for other things. the reason most this phone has such horrible reviews is due to the few crummy scam artist. take from it what you will.Greatit was in very good condition for its age.ExcellentLike brand newPhone was the talk of the store!I love my phone. It is a new one. I wish I could download songs. But Verizon stopped that. But I still love it.This is the second review it is the same as the first one . It worked well for the first two weeks not so well now. The condition of the phone cosmeticly is not desirable. However we are stuck with it and have to live with it. i love my phonei love this phone but mostly i love the fact i paid $20. for it. i hate the idea of spending half a paycheck (500) on a device that lets people contact me at all hours of the day. plus i have already dropped it over 6 times and its still goodSo far so good.phone came in pristine condition cosmetically.all buttons working perfectly.newly manufactured battery (Chinese made).only down side is very small font size with no adjustments possible.otherwise its a mint old school razr and I love it.after 2weeks the supplied battery stopped taking a charge.the seller gave me a refund.picked up an aftermarket battery and the phone is fine.quick service no questions asked.Nice basic phone. It is just a little too out dated. Reception is a little poor but if that is the phone you want it was in good condition.IT DOES NOT KEEP A CHARGE AT ALL.Classic.works like it should. The battery was not good but that is a minor issue.Not the condition it was stated to be in. Barely holds a charge on the battery. Disappointed in this purchase.thank youThe phone was great and the seller did a good jobMuch better than I expected for being used. Bought one mew last year an you couldn't tell the difference between the two.BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK.I wish i could customize it a but more-front screen and all that- but its a flip phone and i like it. Battery isnt the best. Especially for a basic phone. I activated it on verizon prepaid plan no trouble at all with the DEC instead of an imei. I thing it was like quality used phones? I do love it so farWas dirty but worked fine.One of the best phones I have owned, this is my THIRD one ever since Motorola came out with it.thank you for the corrections that you made on my order & for sending the rest of my items very very quickly. i will def recommend your store! thank you again.We still have these type phones in our family and I'm glad we found one. We keep this one in reserve in case the others bomb out on us in the future. You really can't get these anymore and we don't want the new kind at this time.the phone is awesome, amazing, and easy to read. the signal and function is special. i just love this phone, and will order many more products from you.I still need to upgrade , but my razr needed replacing. This one saved me a lot of money Thanksit came in the mail very quickly but its a mediocre phone i know it was going to be but its all i can affordThis was bought as a new in the box and it was new. They did not disclose that the manual was not in the box. The phone works greatThe V3m is still one of the best non-smart phones available. Long battery life, invisible in a pocket, no issues with call loss. All the bases covered. Whats not to like. Great phone!this being the 2nd phone in the past 2 weeks that we have bought, we were once again let down. It arrived in a timely manner but the battery wouldn't charge AT ALL. The buttons on the side were loose and it was supposed to be a brand new phone. The seller was very apologetic when we contacted him about the phone and we are able to return it for a refund. Maybe we just got a lemon. That would be our luck..Actually it doesn't even deserve 1 star. Very disappointed. It will not hold a charge at all..thanks a lot for selling me a piece of crap.it does the job. a old type model.small phone and small screen.but it does the job.the razor v3m. was a good phone then but your choices are limited to what is a basic phone todaygets good signal and good sound ez to use , i loved this phone. and now they are making me type more stuff so they will post it and i HATE this !Excellent service, I called them about an issue and they went above and beyond to help solve! Phone works great! Thank you!this was to be a new phone,but i did not get a manual with it,and the phone will not hold a change,very disapointed and will not buy from this seller againI purchased a phone that was "used, in good condition". I paid extra for expedited 2 day shipping. After 4 days the phone had not yet shipped. I emailed the contact inquiring when the product would ship but received no response. When the product finally arrived I discovered that the key pad did not work, I could only intermittently key in a command and when I did hit send for *228, to activate it with Verizon, the phone never actually rang but simply hung up. In addition, the screen would freeze up and go between frozen to blank white. Terrible responsiveness, show shipment, defective product. And the most frustrating piece of this was that I selected this seller specifically b/c they had received high marks for ALL of these characteristics in all of the previous reviews other than one 3 of 5 for slow shipment. This is very frustrating!Missing center button and no charger.Does not work!!!a piece of junk!!!Through no fault of the resellers (and unbeknownst to most of them), many of the older Verizon phones MAY have their Get It Now/Media Store rendered unusable. This takes away the ability to download music, ringtones, videos and ANY applications (such as Backup Assistant, VZ Navigator, games, weather, maps, etc.) from Verizon. Back in late March, 2011, Verizon pushed an update to all their phones and any of the older phones that were not activated at the time lost the Get It Now/Media Store catalog with no way to retrieve it through future updates. Verizon will tell you that you can take it to a store to get it flashed to restore the Get It Now/Media Center catalog, but it seems that basically none of the stores have the ability to actually flash phones (there was a report of a store in South Carolina that could flash phones..). More information (including official input from Verizon employees) can be found on Verizon's support community forum site (search for "Error Cannot retrieve catalog... (3328) Backup Asst.."). If you only use your phone to make calls and/or text, this information does not apply to you. If you DO use Get It Now/Media Store, you will probably want to check with the seller to make sure that the phone's Get It Now/Media Store works.. or you might end up with a Get It Not. NOTE TO READERS: My purchase and experience was with a Verizon V3m in pink. After numerous hours talking with Verizon's tech support and multiple emails, I was able to determine that the exact same problem was happening to many older Verizon phones (there were more than 50 models by LG, Motorola, Samsung, Nokia and others specifically listed in their forum). I am not affiliated with anyone. NOTE TO AMAZON: The material in this review is completely of my own composition and pertains to a number of Verizon phones. This review was composed first in Word to take advantages of Word's spelling and grammar checker, but was composed solely for use in Amazon's review section to review the specifically mentioned products (in this case the Verizon V3m in silver). Any similarities between this review and any other review that I have written is due to the fact that the problem that I detail in this review directly affects over 50 different phone models, not just the one I bought. Different products, exact same problem.I bought this phone for my great aunt because it was something simple for her rather than the o ne she had at the time. It charges fast and the battery lasts all day. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a simple easy to use flip phoneI got sick of the whole smart phone thing -- especially texting. If you can't take time to call someone and all you want to do is text, then you have, in my opinion, poor communication skills, or you're just a millennial, plain and simple. This phone takes you back to the basics. If you want to surf the net, you can. But the main reason I use it is for making calls. They are clear (Verizon service is tops), the phone speaker sounds great, and the buttons are big (I have big hands). Can't beat this purchase if you're looking for a durable, good looking phone.It's a Motorola flip cell phone-key word in "cell phone" being "phone' I have a computer for everything else. Previous "Barrages" have survived swims in the "toilet sea', the Gulf of Mexico, the washing machine rumble, etc. However, do not "flip it open' and simultaneously allow it to flip out of your hand and land on the floor in a "pike position", pike facing down..! --unless you want (literally!) a two-piece phone.... great bargain.Ordered 2 of their refurbished phones. Both were great. Showed a little wear, but really in great shape. They were as advertised. Service is Excellent! One of the phones had a wall charger that didn't work (didn't receive electrical current). I contacted them through Amazon. They responded immediately - shipped out new charger same day AND said I could throw the other one away. They saved me from having to do anything! No return shipping, etc. That, to me is Outstanding Customer Service! We love the phones! Perfect for people who prefer flip phone. Durable - which is good for my hunter and my 85 yr old mother! Mother likes to text some, but gets real confused with a qwerty keyboard. Texting is smooth and easy with the dial pad on this phone - works really great for her. The feature to announce who's calling helps her because some ring tones don't register with her hearing aid. The voice announce works perfect. Both users are very happy with their phones.May have worked great, but Verizon no longer supports it.Turns out Verizon no longer supports this phone shameExcellent quality product... bought it for my husband years ago (who inevitably dropped and consequently broke every other flip phone we've had) and it is STILL IN GREAT CONDITION! Metal hinges are VERY strong and sturdy, and they remain tight (lid does not wiggle at all). All buttons look and work like new, screen is bright and clear. Wouldn't trade this durable little phone for any other type!Motorla flip phone! Make sure you order a new battery the one I got last two hours! I bought an extended battery with cover last for days and days! Great phone great packing fast delivery, but the seller failed to mention the battery is worthless!  I love this phone! 2 star phone! Wouldbe4 stars but the side buttons all deteriorated what a joke! Military grade I THI NK NOTHad trouble with this model just shutting off, even tried to order new ones, they did the same thing. So this was returned.I'm a flip phone junkie. This one is my favorite. Came amazingly fast, wrapped well, everything exactly as advertised. Would purchase again in a heartbeat.The phone from day 1 just never charged well, it was say complete and just shut down part way through the day. and now, 9 months later, it wont hold a charge at all. apparently the component inside the phone that is supposed to hold a charge is lose, and what else is terrible is No one wants to refund me so i can get a replacement phone. This is just not fair. . I'm out 60$ and now another 75$ to have to buy a replacement.Great purchase. My husband and I (in our mid 20's) have no interest in smart phones or anything like that. We just wanted something simple and durable that can make phone calls. The phone, though used, works just fine. It had a few scratches on it but it works perfectly and hopefully will be disaster resistant for my husband! My husband had a history of getting cellphones wet so that was another reason we picked this one, it was listed as water resistant. We are very happy with this phone.I've complained about the volume on the ringer on this phone but the seller keeps on closing the case and denying that the phone is defective and wanted to charge me $20 for re-stocking fee if I decide to return it. I took it to Verizon store and have it checked and they admitted themselves that the phone is defective. What's the use of using a phone if you cannot hear it ring so it's just sitting here still in the original package and waiting for a solution and probably some use for it. I'm very disappointed with this purchase and I hope Amazon. com will do something about this situation.Excellent old school Star Trek communicator-style flip phone. Gets much better reception than iPhone and won't break if you drop it on the ground, in the toilet, out of the window, out of your shirt pocket onto the toilet then onto the ground, or if your dog or toddler chew on it. Beam me up, you drunk, fat, Captain Kangaroo clone.The rubber parts are now "shedding".I had one touch screen phone in my life. The touch screen broke and without buttons, I couldn't even make phone calls. So I bought this tough and easy to use phone. It's perfect for my back pocket. I don't use apps or even text that much. The camera works well enough for me and I never butt dial anyone! I'm not even embarrassed that I don't have a smart phone....frankly, I don't care what people think.This was a bargain! I would definitely use the seller again. I had some questions on the item and promptly received a response. Got this for my son, who really likes it, especially that it has a camera and can take a beating when going camping. The phone was received in very good condition, charged too! The transaction was easy and the item received quicker than expected in proper packaging. I especially liked that I didn't have to go with a contract.Very durable phone and has some nice features for a flip phone, which by the way is getting almost impossible to fine, especially one of the quality of this phone. My only complaint is how thick it is, and to make matters worse I got the extended battery and back which makes it even thicker, but is nice for how much longer it lasts. Guess the old adage is true........ you can's get 10 lbs of s*** in a 5lb box......;)I like these phones. They are ruggedly built, and they are Water resistant in up to 3 feet for up to 30 minutes. I bought these to replace similar Motorola phones that lasted 5 - 6 years. That being said... Please read this very carefully... These phones are NOT "NEW". They are REFURBISHED. After being fully charged, they would lose 25% of that charge in less than 10 - 12 hours, even when hardly used. As these are refurbished, the manufacturer will NOT give you the usual 1-year warranty. Typically only a 30-day warranty. I sent them back to the seller, and bought new phones nearby.I could not use it.... it was to oldWe received the phone only to discover the charger did not fit into phone. We had to immediately buy a new charger at Verizon. The following day the rubber lid placed on side of phone fell off. After searching for it for hours in vain.... we placed a strip of electricians tape over one inch opening. It is an opening showing intricate metal parts that should be protected from debris. On a final note we are not going to buy a used phone ever again.Bought this for my dad as a birthday present. My dad isn't up to the times with cell phones, he doesn't even text lol. But he needed a good sturdy phone for the basics, making calls and some picture taking. He loves it and loves the battery life on it.Was not "new" as advertised. Had been previously registered to a different phone #. Recharge port cover does not stay closed when not in use so it is not water tight. Can not change personal settings do to old password still being in it. Had to stop texting feature since it does not allow deleting of texts and when delete text is pushed phone shuts off. Still best "rugged" phone you can get but it would have been nice to actually have bought a "new " phone as advertised.After 3 weeks of use , three of the button covers have fallen out and lost. Now I have to use a pen to push the buttons in order to control these 3 functions. How long is the warranty on these phones, I would like to have this one replaced.2ND PHONE EXACTLY LIKE THIS. PURCHASED BECAUSE OF TOUGH QUALITIES. 1ST ONE LOST SCREEN COMPLETELY AND COULDN'T REPAIR BUT COULD FIND NOTHING BETTER TO SUIT NEEDS. A GREAT PHONE WITH GREAT RECEPTION. STILL ONE OF THOSE WHO JUST NEED A GOOD PHONE THAT'S TOUGH. PROBABLY WON'T MAKE MUCH LONGER BUT FORTUNATE TO FIND THIS NEW ONE A GOOD DEAL AND GREAT PURCHASING EXP WITH VENDORI don't have big expectations for a cell phone. I ask only that it make and receive calls, stand up to a decent amount of rough handling, and not crap out when I get a little sweaty (talking while exercising). Yeah, it sounds silly, but I've had several that died from that small amount of moisture. The Barrage has been good to me so far (about 40 days). It's my first phone with a data package and, if that were important to me, I'd go for a larger screen. This one is big enough, though, to handle an occasional look at my e-mail or a quick browse here or there. As a "free" phone (for 2-year contract commitment) I'd say I'm quite happy with it. Someday I may spring the big bucks for a droid or some such (my wife loves her droid-x), but for now this is just fine.Absolutely pos ...had it not even week first day got it button came off second week another and today lost most and said good shape bs..then won't give me my money back sorry but it's such a POS I can't even send it backTotally uselessI got a lot more phone than I thought I would with this. The camera is better than any I have had before, and it shoots video, too. I just needed something inexpensive to get me through to my next upgrade when my old phone died, and this was perfect. I also got it in less time than amazon said I would, which was great.It was alright. It ended up in the washing machine ,accidentally . I must say , Ten days to ship it was ridiculous not to offer any other shipping options!!! but in all fairness the phone was different then what I was used to . My G'Z Rock- went through the same washing machine and I can still make and receive calls , with no screen display . Thank you for checking up on me and my purchase . I don't find that level of concern every day!!! Have a great day and I look forward to doing more business with you.You can have all of the little computers they call smart phones. I cannot read anything written on it. If I want a camera, I'll use a camera. I just wanted a phone. This one works well. Before long the 'smart phones' will also be vibrators and the airheads won't be able to decide which end to apply them to.I bought this phone for my husband and after a few months started having issues , static, bad connection, dropping calls, it's not worth the money. I regretted buying it it, I do not recommend it.Second one of these I have owned. With my line of work (farming), I am really tough on a phone. Previous Barrage lasted 5 years through all the abuse. Glad I found another, because simple function, Mil-Spec, phones are hard to find.Phone died after 3 months of light use. If it were possible to leave a 0 star review; I would We owned this phone(purchased directly from Verizon) and loved it so ordered another. This phone has to be a fake. The rubber covers for the buttons on the side started falling off after a month and the whole phone died a week ago. The company refused to replace or allow a return.Worked good for meI am so glad to have my 'new' to me phone. It is so nice to not worry so much I am going to break it when I drop it not. Still insure of a few things but I am learning.I have alot of experience with the motorola barrage, and ordered this one to replace my old barrage that finally quit after three years of use. I love the product and hate verizon quit carrying it in thier stores. As for this phone, I am impressed with the speed that it was delivered, and it being used was quite impressed with its condition, it looked almost unused. I'm very much satisfied with my order and would highly reccomend this to another personpurchased phone and after 2 months started having problems with it! have had numerous barrage phones before and never had this problem!!!!!! Purchased two and the second one will not activate!!!!! problem is that it was a couple of months before I activated phone so no longer able to return!!!!!!!!!!I have one of these phones already so I knew what to expect but did not know what shape it would be in since it was used and reconditioned. It looked almost new and functioned like new.Very happy with the phone and price.the camera does not work ,,,the battery does not hold a charge....if i had know it was from the dealer dealscay. i would NEVER have bought it,,,this is the second phone i have gotten ripped off from this dealerMY HUSBAND IS SATISFIED WITH THE WIRELESS PHONE THAT HE CAN NOW ACTUALLY HEAR PEOPLE WHEN THEY TALK TO HIM. WE DID NOT RECEIVE THE UPGRADE ON SAME DAY SHIPPING AT NO COST. IT TOOK ABOUT A WEEK TO RECEIVE.2nd time ordering and owning, using this phone, was that dependable. Highly recommend for non smart phone folks. Arrived in great time, shape, set up easy.Service was excellent. Came in less time than I was told it would and seller e-mailed me about return policy and seemed to really care if I was happy with my phone. The phone itself is not for someone who wants all the bells and whisles but it is built to Military specs and I have had one for many years this one was a replacement for one that was 4 years old and had the rubber waterpoofing on the buttons not worn off I would still be using it. However, this one is of the same rough build and I have been very happy with it.I have ruined so many cell phones.... Its nice to finally get a "hardy" one like this phone. Just purchasing outright makes so much more sense!From whenever I got it, it was for my husband, it just now broke from falling off a nightstand a foot off the ground and broke at the hinge. Which before that it was hard to flip open and when he talked to someone on it he could hardly hear them. I have a phone exactly like this one but I have it for longer and it hasn't had the problems this one has had.Verizon would not connect phone because they only activate 4G phones. Had to return phoneit was dirty inside screen was scratched very badly the phone had to be cleaned because it was terribly dirty.Works great. This phone is the only one in our home that works in the basement, sunroom, or whatever room we are in. None of our smart phones will work in these areas. My husband loves this phone.it died on the 4/20/2015 I like the phone but don't like that I payed money and the cell dies this soon I have never dropped it our anything that would make it die.It is supposed to be rugged military grade and it broke the first time I dropped it. It's been only 6 weeks and the seller will not give me a refund.Great device device functions great, the phone is used minimally by an elderly relative who does not want a smart phone. A few months into ownership multiple side buttons have fallen off the device.The phone is fine. I like the phone. However, the battery is a big disappointment. It was supposed to be a new battery. but it will not hold a charge very long. I am constantly re-charging the battery. I would have sent it back within 30 days, but if I did I couldn't use the phone. I am requesting Amazon sent me a new battery. Please contact me at johnsonjt1@windstream.net to let me know if you will honor this request. Thank you J T JohnsonThe phone keeps asking me to run the set up wizard even though I've done it about 10 times now. It was also a pain to get activated through Verizon, but it works like it's supposed to now.this phone does not hold a good battery charge and charges real slow if charged by computer the positive thing about this phone is it is ruggedThe phone came within the expected time stated when ordering. I have used it for over 1 month now and it has worked flawlessly. The battery stays charged for days. The product looked brand new. One of the best used replacement phones I have ever ordered. Would definitely order from this vender again.Best phone ever. Rugged loud wish they still made these.Great shapeMy husband does not want a smart phone and this is exactly what he wants. Makes/receives calls, voice activated messaging and texting, access to Internet for basic usage, vz navigator for directions. Allows access for downloading ringtones, etc. Actually has more to it than we originally expected when we ordered it. Got a new phone of an older model, great buy, very satisfied with our $68 phone! PROBLEM: after a few days of use, we are returning this phone. We really liked all the features and we're so disappointed the voice audio stopped working. No voice sound at all. Other types of sounds worked, but no voice. Verizon technician said this was a very old model and had to go through extra searching to look it up to try to assist us. Wouldn't care about the age if it just worked!!!THIS PHONE IS GREAT FOR A HUSBAND THAT WORKS IN A WAREHOUSE. WE OWN A SEED AND GRAIN CO. SO MY HUSBAND IS IN AND OUT OF THE WAREHOUSE ALL THE TIME. THIS IS THE ONLY PHONE WE HAVE FOUND THAT WILL RECEIVE CALLS WERE EVER HE IS IN THE WAREHOUSE. PLUS IT IS WATER PROOF. MY HUSBAND GOT THE PHONE IN WATER AND IT NEVER STOPPED WORKING. I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO PUT IT IN RICE. WE HAVE HAD A BARRAGE PHONE FOR 4 YRS.Heavy-duty phone was very good quality. I would recommend it for anyone that would be afraid they might drop their phone accidentally. And it has a very loud speakerphone in very big displayThis phone has been durable and works fine. Certainly a far cry from a smart phone, but I just wanted something that wouldn't break and I got it.The earpiece volume is quite low. And the ability to use the contact backup software is not possible due to the software was not 'wiped' by the previous owner.Excellentpretty good and quickI wanted a plain cell phone and this is it. I love it. It works fine, the battery has a decent life and the numbers are easy enough to seeI would rather it be a bit thinner, but it does exactly what I wanted it to do!100% PositiveVery durable. Good for anyone hard whos on a phone.Love it.Works great, it was easy to convert my old set up to this one, and arrived very timely. I love this phone's durability, and being waterproof.Worked perfect right out of the box, no problems activating with Verizon Wireless. Love this phone. It is great.Phone lasted for our young son over 2.5 years.. worked really well and was easy to use and no extra functions to worry about.Good purchase for a used phone - works great - very happyGreat phone, I have had several. Dump the insurance, they send you a reconditioned phone.This is exactly what I wanted to do make mandatory restatement about how an item is, ok it is what I want and does fineI am very satisfied. I am using it everyday. I also got the products very quickly. Glad to have purchased this product.major problem was in removing the Backup Assistant alert and resetting the phone to enable Backup Assistant with the new number ... the folks at Wireless Discount were very helpful. If they had understood the alert problem from the get-go we could have avoided replacing the first phone that they sent.The Barrage flip phone by Motorola V860 is well designed, sturdy, and comfortable to use. Battery power use seems excellent and goes three-four days without a recharge. Will see if this continues as the months pass. :-)bought this for my ex husband... he loves it .. and its a heavy duty phone which is terrific... as he ran over the last one with the pickup truck...lol... but he gets good reception with it and says it has great sound...and a terrific camera... oh and he loves the voice activated dialingHAD ONE BEFORE, THIS IS A RUGGED DEPENDABLE PHONE BUT IT DOES HAVE ITS LIMITS AS I FOUND OUT. NO FRILLS, I JUST USE IT TO MAKE PHONE CALLS.Good basic phone if u don't want a data plan. Phone was used but in very good condition.If you like flip phones, this is the best I have owned. My phone does not have a camera, but later models included a camera. It has a nice feel, but user must be careful of the back plate. If it is not flat and you try to turn the lock it can damage the latch which is molded into the body of the phone.Bought this phone for my mom. Very easy to use. Made her very happy!!It's a flippy! And dang tough!We got the phone quicker than expected, which was great. However, the wrong battery was included. We got the right battery within a few days of calling them, which was also great. However, the phone wouldn't connect to the charger and the thing couldn't be recharged. Also, the camera didn't work. We got a replacement phone a few days later - again, packaged with the wrong battery for the model phone we ordered. That's ok because we had already gotten a new battery on hand... and the camera works on this one. All in all, it took a 2-3 weeks to finally have the right equipment that's working properly. Kind of a hassle, but it was a decent price.ReplacementPhone works good but was locked by previous owner. Phone could make and recieve contact calls only with previous contacts. After working 2.5 hours with three different verizon reps phone works fine.I feel i am due a partial refund from Taylor Wireless. Please advise?Pretty much unkillableSold working phone. For our area this is a basis phone and does text and pics great too. I recommend.Super phone! It is very sturdy.Had a work phone like this one and was use to it. Doesn't have all the bells and whistles but that is why I got it--simple!Since I have no need for a phone that can serf the Internet etc. (I have a great computer for that) I love my compact Motorola Barrage V860 phone. It does all the things I require it to do and looks pretty, too, with it's new red protective cover.The product was advertised correctly, great price, shipping was fast, and the quality of the product was 5 stars. I would purchase another produce from Amazon.com again. I will recommend it to others.Very disappointed that this phone did not have a camera. Most phones have cameras now days. The last phone we had exactly like this had a camera. We thought we were getting the same phone. How do we get a Motorola Barrage with a camera?Works good! No issues.works fineGot this for my elderly dad. I like that it's waterproof (but we'll see). Simple, large buttons, good voice quality, holds a charge well. What's not to like?Fast shipment. Good PhoneWas not able to use on my Verizon services. I gave it to my baby nephew to play with.Said new looked new but inside screen sticker said refurbished camera data missing too but otherwise it works and that's what we wantedThis was a gift for my dad who can't get over his old phone breaking. He's not much of a tech person so I was psyched when I found the same phone here, since Verizon no longer has them for sale. The price was great and the phone looks flawless. Dad was really happy to have his old phone back.received the phone on time and works fine thanks SteveI know most buyers don't like to give five stars or a perfect score but anything less is considered a bad job by corporate america. Item appears better than expected. Very happy!I had been looking for a flip phone for my husband and this one is perfect and works great !!!My husband likes basic phones. He had a Motorola when we were stuck with Sprint, but now that we are finally free and have service...he needed a phone that would work with Verizon service (which I am thrilled with btw-can place calls and do not get disconnected). Off topic there...sorry. The old phone he had that he loved was not available so I opted for this one. He loves it! Holds a charge for almost a week with no extras turned on. Calls are clear...much clearer than with mine...lol.This phone is no longer made for Verizon so I had to search for it because this was THE ONE my husband wanted...He is extremely happy with and would not part with it.Its dependable,clear and sturdy for a working person.The phone is capable of listening to music and has music controls on the front, is perfect for screwing Verizon which is always a plus, and you can't go wrong with a flip phone. my niece absolutely loves this phone. I fully recommend this phone for anyone who wants to entertain their kids, nephews or in my case, niece.The phone arrived promptly. Everything was as stated in advertisement. I have less one star only because it may have had 1 or 2 more scratches on it than I prefer. Overall the phone is great!! Wanted it for my mom who wanted an upgrade but is not into the new phones of today.the phone works well. The appearance is as those described in advertisement. The battery is reasonably good considering this is a used phone.When the wife's phone died, she was adamant that she only wanted a cell phone for voice calls. I was familiar with this model from tests while in the military. Good design, solid construction, excellent battery life, and great performance. It was used, but listed like new, and that's exactly the way it was. Would definitely purchase again, and would recommend this one without hesitation.The phone in the box wasn't the one that was supposed to be in there. The phone was already a active phone so I couldn't activate it. Very disappointed.charger doesn't plug in very well, seems to be damaged.My husband is not tec savy this is the 3rd one of these I've gotten for him and he loves it!This product arrived in excellent condition, both cosmetic and operational! It was EXACTLY as described! I would suggest to anyone doing the same, though to order the extended life battery and door, as the battery that shipped with this phone was inadequate.Good sturdy qualityBought for husband and he uses it everyday. He likes the fact that he can flip the lid and talk without having to do anything else.Phone wont ring,no sound. It wasnt the phone they said it was. Cover was missing over the power connection. They should have checked it out betterWould have been nice to have information with the phone serial numbers for registration. Had to remove the battery, and find the identification number, which is extremely tiny and hard to read. Other than that, very happy with purchaseWorks as advertised.While the phone works both rubber control buttons on right side have fallen out.Phone is fine and as expected. The battery does not hold much charge. Hpwever, I am satisfiedIt was a little more broken in than I thought, but in good working order. I will kill this phone so a used one in best for me.Had one for 6years, some-what water proof and takes real beating. Hope this one lasts as long. With the same punishment, would have ruin 5 Smart phones by now.Nice basic phone for the money. Very well built.Greatthis phone is so dirty i'm afraid to use it, not to mention put it near my face. I'm send it back.This Motorola Barrage V860 phone came in as described, it worked fine on the existing service. Thanks for a good product.i had one that broke the hinge,worked fine but hige broke after several years 8) coudnt get it repaired so i found a new one.workes as gooed as the old one.allenhad to replace my old barrage, quick deliverly and geat looking phone, works exactly as expected.The phone couldn't be activated on Verizon prepaid, either online or in the store.Parts of it fell offIts a great phone for a dumb phone, but that is all I need. shock resistant and water resistant everything I need in a phoneShipped very timely....Phone works well in my area..Holds charge very well. Previous phone did not pick up well here..This one receives will and battery charge last two days rather than two hours..I am very much impressed by this product but also by the company that sold it to me recieved phone as told had a problem with one of these products was given a new product in a timely fashion all is well KUDOS to allThis phone came in so fast and met every expectation! Our employee even said he could hear better on this one than the last phone (Which we paid about $160.00 for.This is a very rugged phone, that can be dropped, wet, and still keeps working. The phone arrived when promised, in better condition than expected, good value.Bought this as a backup phone for my father and it worked out great for him as he wanted something durable.love it easy to use.This phone is exactly what i wanted an they even put in a car charger with my order for free. All works great an no problems with anything. I would buy from them again with no second thought. thanks.Replace the original Barrage V860 with a new one. The old was run over with a tractor. Still work put the cracked screen made it hard read. Try doing that with a "smart " phone.Maybe a good phone but wouldn't work with Verizon and it was marked and sold as such.The phone clicks and breaks up the sound when you are on the receiving end of the call this phone is made from. Otherwise great.Everything I expected it to do.Great for a flip phone.Arrived on time, As Ordered, In Great Condition and was activated without issue. Great experience. Always liked Motorola because its durable and can take a beatingCell phone was in great condition and works as expected.No good. The phone was very used.previous owner did not remove some features, and we do not have pass word to resetThe speaker button on the side of the phone broke about two weeks after I started using itIt was a very nice phone.Shipping was fast!I give them 5 stars!!not original .....Very Prompt service- phone is an identical phone for my mom so it is just what she wanted.The product was in excellent condition and was received quickly from the buyer. I was able to transfer my previous numbers on to this phone since I have a Verizon contract.It worked for two weeks and stopped working. A peace of junk.Work well speaker phone not very well for the price it is fineThe phone was as describe. Great used condition and included the charger. The phone works perfectly and seems to have been very lightly usedA very reliable, easy phone. And it's Waterproof. For a used phone it seems brand new. This purchase exceeded my expectations.excellent thanksunable to activate phone due to problem with stickers inside phone.When phone is answered the caller can not here you unless they are put on speakerIt's a great item, reception is nice. I got the belt buckle clip holder and its nice. plus the shpping even better.I bought this phone due to the last two touchscreen phones i had being destroyed by even a little water. this one is waterproof (i tested it), and shockproof, the predictive text works great (for texts), the signal and battery life are superior to much more expensive phones. It plays music, works with standard headphones and offers navigation and browsing (although limited) as well. This phone is not for someone who wants web browsing and high end features. This phone is for anyone who wants a reliable nearly indestructible phone to use for everyday communication.Product Had Great Reviews And Had The Features Desired; Simplicity, Ruggedness, Easy Viewing Screen, Clear Sound Strong Signal! Thanks For A Qualty Product!Great flip phone!It arrived within the time quoted and is functioning properly.Phone worked ok, however the charger NEVER worked at allVery pleased with the speedy arrival and quality of the productThis phone can take a barrage of abuse. Great for the person who is often working outdoors. Loud ringer too!I love this phone its sturdie holds a great signal and i ;ike the look of this phone. the only problem that i have is it dnt have a good battery lifewish old numbers and history was wiped from phone.Phone works good.okproduct was as advertised, excellent condition and fairly priced, & quick delivery.GREATI liked getting the instructions on how to activate the phone without having to go into a Verizon location. It was recevied quickly also.perfectphone works most of the time. some days it will just go off when it feels like it.A great replacement phone. It was in much better condition than the replacement phone I paid $50 for at Verizon store.It works great. So glad I bought it.. I will never buy a new phone again.Very satisfiedPerfect for my husband!Very pleased with our purchase.Works perfectlyGreat!!My husband really likes the phone. Very sturdy for his work.Everything was as advertised.Not bad but a little beat upWell I don't even know where to start , but I will start with I don't think it was even a new cell Phone , with that said the back would not go on right it took forever to get it on and its still not right, yes I know how they work I had a phone much like this one and had no problem, the front glass of the cell phone keeps coming out, I emailed them about this and head nothing back. So that is why I came it a 1 star, and the company gets one two.I would use them again the deal was as expected what else can you say. Try it you will like it.Goodits greatI ordered my second Motorola Barrage because it communicates well with my car, but another kind of phone was in the box which was labeled as a Motorola Barrage. It was a total surprise to me when the Verizon tech opened the box to set up my new phone. The Casio phone I received does not communicate with my car very well and I am very disappointed. If I had gotten the correct phone, I would have given it 5 stars. The moral: open the box immediately no matter what the label says. Otherwise, you could be stuck with something you had not planned.This was supposed to be a refurbished unit. It had 324 phone numbers and 327 pictures on it. It is supposed to be water proof but the rubber seal plug over the re charge opening is missing. Not a very good refurbish by any stretch of ones imagination. Very disapointed in this one. Doug This phone was also locked. There are many photos I can not delete.Pleased with phone, I needed 1 that closed so I didn' t call everyone accidentally . A little pricey but it was what I neededGood replacement, spare phone.Lost and gone forever the simple rugged cell phone, no matter the price this is obsolete and will leave you in need, sad.not what I expectedI was pleased with this product. I came as advertised and works great. The battery is good and, with a little help from Verizon Wireless, I got it set up like a new phone.This was a surprise in the best of ways! I had bought one a few weeks ago from some where else and i was very disappointed! But with this phone i purchased from Taylor Wireless, i am 100% satisfied! I will buying from them again!people having a hard time hearing me it does not always ring and very hard to get the charger inThis is my first purchase of an item like this; usually just go through the provider. I have to admit some skepticism regarding the purchase but not anymore. The phone works great, looks almost new, and the battery was fully charged when I got it. I can't ask for more than that. The next time someone I know needs a phone I will definitely recommend this sellerHusband had his cell phone stolen, so we purchased this one until we could decide on next phone to purchase. He liked his other cellphone better.Didn't work it has to have a contract !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So don't waste your time or money it won't work!!!!!!!!!! !..Thanks got here fast happy etc like to write at least 20 words because it makes me feel like I am back in school ...The phone is great, since the other went in the pool to prove a point that it was water proof., but it was not .I bought his phone for my grandfather as a gift and within the first few hours we realized it barley holds a charge. Very disappointed.Didnt last long at all!The last time I asked the person who I bought this for what he thought, he said that the phone was real good. Sorry I couldn't provide more than that....I have had this phone for only one month. In that one month, I have not dropped it or submerged it under water. I got the phone because I am clumsy. It turns out that the grip texture that is found on the sides and behind the phone has helped me to avoid dropping the phone. I do not like the buttons on the inside of the phone because pressing them is like pounding your fingers against the desk. This phone might be too complicated for me. After I updated the phonebook, when I receive a call, I hear a woman's voice announcing the name of the caller followed by the ringing of the phone. I can't figure out how to turn off the "announcing" feature.Phone SUCKS!!! Don't ever buy that piece of JUNK!!!I want to return the phone, but don't have a return form or address. Could you please help me with this request. I was unable to program the phone & want to return it ASAP. Thank you very much!it needs to be reprogramed and it seems to work better cuz it first dint even stay one for long turned on and off every minute.I have had this phone for 4 years. Yes I know most people change phones 2-3 times in that span. The number of problems that I have had with it, 0. It has lived up to its claim of being a rugged phone. I take mine in wooded areas, industrial plant areas, and even under vehicles. I don't ever remember submerging it, but it has been in water soaked clothing on numerous occasions. Call quality has been good. I am now starting to notice some more breakup in calls as the phone has aged, but at this point it is hard to complain. My biggest complaint is that it does not stay connected with blue tooth headsets as well as I would like. It almost needs line of sight if you are just sitting idle. I have tried a couple of different headsets with the same results. Sending text messages is a little difficult without a keyboard but that is a given. The camera is average. It is good for quick shots but I grab a regular camera for anything I intend to print out. The bottom line is that if you are looking for a basic, rugged, and durable flip phone, this is the one.I have two of these and they are great, My husband's starting to get a little collateral damage and am shopping for a new one. Buy it you will like it, if you Are looking for one of those high class phones, this is not it, but it works well for what we need;I bought this phone because my previous one kept falling out of my belt clip and getting scratched up. I figured I'd pay the extra money to get a Mil-spec phone and not have to worry about damage happening. I have a kayak and wanted to be able to take a phone out on the boat without worry about water getting in it. I also purchased a Verizon belt clip with holder that wraps around the phone. Well this first thing I found was that the belt clip kept coming off my belt and the phone kept landing on hard floors, etc. The second thing I know the outside screen (thin plastic) is cracked. Verizon wants a minimum of $189 to replace it with a used phone (unless I'd purchased insurance). Phone repair places can't get parts to repair it. Of course this eliminates the waterproofing feature, since water can likely get in the 2 cracks on the screen. I don't mind the cracks themselves since I don't really use the outside screen. Third happening was when the holder that wraps around the phone started coming off and letting the phone fall out. That's when I discarded the belt clip/holder and started carrying the phone in my pocket. I've decided I was actually better off with the old phone. I'd have had a lot more dollars in my pocket, since the Mil spec designation adds NOTHING! Other than that it's a pretty good phone. Just don't buy it for its ruggedness.It has been ok. The flap over the charger isn't working well. Just an average flip phone.The phone is a nuisance. The "voice command" function cannot be turned off and it is forever trying to talk to you. It will be in your cell phone pocket, get touched, and start in the "learning" routine for voice commands. It is a complete pain. The phone also is supposed to be military grade. It may be if you are in the military recruitment office. In the real world the first phone lasted only a little over a month before the flip section got broken off. The battery cover is virtually impossible to reseal so waterproof goes right out the window. The speaker phone worked for a short period of time before it started getting so garbled that it was useless too. Buy something else.The users manual for this phone is inadequate and tech support is non-existent as Verizon and Motorola push smart phones. The phone doesn't come with software. Motorola will sell you Motorola Phone Tools for another $50 but don't bother because most of the software's features won't work with this phone. You can actually use the phone's USB cable feature to upload music, ringtones, and contacts but neither the manual nor tech support will tell you how. Good luck figuring it out. It was a frustrating trial and error process. You can also find third party software to load your calendar for a lot less than $50 but Motorola and Verizon techs aren't allowed to direct you. If you're on a job site that uses the PUSH to TALK function, it might be worth putting up with this phone and provider but there are better options out there - phones that are more rugged and waterproof and will actually let your use the phone's features. Bottom line - I would never buy another Barrage and plan to change my provider asap.this is a great phone if you're looking for a tough, simple cell...no bells or whistles here, just a standard cell. I've dropped it a bunch and hasn't cracked or broke yet. Functions great! The front screen did crack when my 2 year old son jumped on me, but that's about 25-30lbs falling onto it...any other cell probably would have cracked or even broke under the force too. Parts were cheap enough to fix it too and plenty of accessories are out there for it.I will activate this phone when my other Barge wears outVerizon Wireless sold me the phone at their corporate location in Bloomington, Il. Within 6 months of having this phone I've had to replace the battery 2 times. The voice command still does not recognize my voice half the time. The largest corporate Bloomington does not carry replacement batteries. I am blind yet the Verizon store will not help me ship the old battery out (means I have to ask for another ride to get to a mailbox). The back cover did not fit properly after the 2nd battery was removed in the VZ store. They said this phone was up to/beyond Military specifications - that's funny. If I was using this phone in the military I'd be dead months ago.Love the phone but does not hold charge longer than 5to6 hours .if it was new it should hold charge .The last phone I had just like that one stayed charged for 3 days.Yesterday, my husband left his phone in his pocket when we went swimming. My daughter noticed it under water after about 30 minutes. However, it now still works just fine!I love this phone. I work in a very busy office and I am always dropping my phone and getting it wet. This phone is extremely durable and water resistant or in my case coffee resistant. I can't say enough about this pone. Love it!!I purchased a Droid 2x almost 2 years ago. Over year ago Motorola stopped providing upgrades and the phone has missed calls and needs rebooting regularly. It does not always sync with Google calendar, bee restored to factory, replaced completely 2 times including a new battery and still does not work properly. Motorola and Verizon both refused to replace the phone with a equal phone other than the same one even thought the phone is insured. Go to Best Buy, they honor their warranty with a phone that works equal to what you bought at time of purchase if you have problems.Works great, it would have been nice to have the option to purchase the car charger when purchasing the phone.Love this phone. wish that motorola made a version that had talking texts as an option, for vision impaired left.The screen on the outside of the phone cracked under normal use, no dropping etc. Had it in Motorola's belt case all the time. This area of the phone is poorly designed and low end materials. The reception is good and battery life was great.best cell phone I've owned. very sturdy, easy to use stays charged for weeks great option instead of "free phones" from VerizonIt seems like the seller(s?) don't know the difference between the prepaid version of the phone and the standard contract version. Either that or Verizon is just full of idiots (entirely possible.) When I activated the phone online, with the aid of Verizon live chat service, it made me dial a number and then required me to purchase minutes. I have read other reviewers say that Verizon would not/could not activate their phone on the prepaid network. I'm not sure what's going on but I'm pretty irritated. I like the phone, alot for the use I've gotten out of it so far (very little), but the whole reason I ditched my smartphone was because I was sick of all the complicated BS. P.S. If anyone could help me figure out what's going on here I'd appreciate it. EDIT: Apparently me and Verizon were both being idiots. I have it active and working as it should now. The phone itself is wonderful. Since I still have a data plan I can get all kinds of cute little arcade games and apps. Simple things of course but I'm a simple lady. It's a pretty sturdy phone, it's lightweight and feels like it might be made of cheap material but it's designed in a way to take a fall. One reason smartphones break so easily is because they are square and flat. This thing is rounded on any angle. The 'closed' screen is flat but it is slightly inlayed in the phone so if you do drop it directly on that surface it will hit the plastic edges of the phone and not the screen. The backplate isn't sealing as tightly as it should, which probably does not make it waterproof "up to 1 meter of water for 30 minutes" but I think that might have been my fault by trying to improperly open the backplate. The keypad is silicone or something and has no gaps. With the backplate properly sealed I'm sure it is waterproof. Christmas came early lol I'm happy with this little guy. Oh and no more charging my phone twice a day. I haven't charged it since I got it a week ago and despite use in almost every possible way it didn't get down to one battery bar until today. It charged back to full in half an hour. It is a beautiful thing.YES, I still use a flip phone. I've tried a couple of different "smart" phones, but do not need, nor want, to be that in touch with the world. This Motorola V860 phone has great sound, can set an alarm, takes reasonable good pictures, I can send a text message, use Bluetooth in my truck, use a calculator and, set an appointment with the calendar. That is what I will use a phone for, and this Motorola V860 does all of that very well. Just to solidify my dinosaur status, I keep a new back-up V860 in my office all the time, so when the one I am using breaks down (every 4-5 years), I have that back-up to activate immediately. Then, I order another back-up V860. :)A rugged flip phone with a good feel and features. Call clarity is excellent. Reception is excellent. Two catches, it cannot be activated on the Verizon prepaid network. Verizon tech support said the software was incompatible with their service and they were working on it even though the phone was made for Verizon with their logos and software. Catch two, the phone can be activated on Page Plus and has a better priced plan. The voice mail cannot be set up to work, even with tech support from Page Plus. Some Verizon features and programs will not work. Some bloatware cannot be uninstalled like the Bing search. I love the phone, the reception on the CDMA network, the ruggedness, the long battery life and easy activation with Page Plus along with their kind service people.Overall, I like the phone. However I was hoping for a battery life comparable to my old flip phone which was well over a week before it started going to three bars. With this phone I go to three bars after about two days, and then quite quickly to two bars and one bar. I thought it might have come with an old battery, so I bought a replacement battery but I still had the same problem, so I suspect the phone is just an energy hog to some degree. I am a physician, and carried a smart phone primarily for the Internet, and a flip phone to make and receive phone calls so that I would not have to worry about the battery dying on me, so this is a bit of a disappointment.This was my original post - "This item was not new as advertised. It was refurbished and came with a water damaged battery that didn't work. I am not pleased that I paid more for a unit I thought was new and it turns out to be refurbished instead. Lucky I had a spare battery or I wouldn't have been able to use it at all." - But I apologize for being so hasty. I should have called the company and explored the issue with them before making that post. A couple of hours after posting this, I received a call from the company apologizing saying that this should never have happened and they provided me with a very acceptable solution. I was impressed with their sincerity and plan to use the company again in the future.This phone has been left out in the rain overnight, dropped in puddles, ran over by a car, dropped on hard floors a ton of times, and still works perfectly. Not even a scratch. Most of the time, it is only used for texting and a few phone called and the battery lasts for up to 3 or 4 days. Other times, when I'm talking on the phone a LOT (like all day long), the battery lasts for 12 or 14 hours. The battery light will blink and it'll beep like it's dying for about half an hour of talking time, or all day if I don't use it. The only down side is that the camera sucks.Since I was looking for a very basic phone, this one meets my needs wonderfully. It arrived promptly, in nearly-new condition, along with a new generic charger. It seems to be quite substantial, and the sound quality is better than some of the more expensive phones I've had in the past. It holds a charge quite well, and since it isn't one of the newer phones, I don't have to pay for a data plan. If you just need a basic phone with your Verizon cell service, this is a great choice. I called Verizon Customer Service to make the change from my old phone, quick and easy, although I had to re-enter all my contacts manually. I imagine that going to a Verizon store might allow you to automatically transfer all your contacts. Overall, an excellent choice for a basic phone.Phone no longer charges new battery 100%. Swapped battery from other V860, but it still fails to charge 100%. The only way I have improved this failure is to turn the phone off, flip it open, then plugin and charge it while it is opened. Weird, but it works.this phone has exceeded my expectations, would definitely refer others seeking a simular type phone to consider this phone. The only thing I wish was different, is that there if was a data/charge cord from the computer to the phone, because since I live in nursing home there are shortages of available electrical outlates and its easier amd safer to just be able to use a usb port to be able to charge my phoneI bought one phone for a friend as a gift and the phone worked great, looked great and was shipped very fast. I was so impressed with the phone that when it came time for he's wife to get a phone I reordered from the same company and got her the exact same phone. Now they both have great working phone are easy for them to operate. They are both in their 70s and this phone has big buttons that are easy to see and the phones are made to be tough for the fall's that they are put through.This phone is the perfect choice if you work in an outdoor environment, It is an extremely sturdy phone and can survive quite a bit of abuse. the sound is exceptionally clear and allows increased volume in noisy situations. It was advertised as not including a camera but it has one and takes great pictures. All in all, this is a great cell phone. This is the fourth one in our family in five years and we all prefer this model.I love this phone, the reason is its like the one I have now...Have yet to add to my verizonwireless account, Do not know if it works or not...So, as with anything ,.,YES, I stand by rating only because my last worked awesomely. ALSO, I was under the understanding that this was a New phone...Did not look like one...also,and my phone is water proof but the instructions stated, this one is not, but it has all same information as with my last... ask me again in month...May have a better rating...Older phone, but works great! Bought two of these for my brother who breaks about everything he touches! The first one speaker broke only after he ran over it with his truck in the mud! He could still make calls, etc. but couldn't hear the people on the other end! So I ordered him another and he's back up and running.The only complaint I have is that there is no flash. But the phone has geat reception, great display, easy to use, holds a charge, an all together simple and reliable cell phone. And for $35 delivered, I cant complain about a single thing......except for no flash.....lol.... I like it so much, Im thinking of getting another for a back-up. For the price and reliability, I have no choice but to give it 5 starsHere are three different functions/procedures:#3-Cellebrite,(machine)a way to transfer your contacts from one cell phone to another. Need to have it done at a VZ Wireless store.#2-Flash, a way to have your cell phone reset back to Factory Default settings. Need to have it done at a VZ Direct Store (Verizon owned). Then you will be able to download and reinstall Back-Up Assistant.#1-From Media Center-Browse & Download...launch Back-Up Assistant...(lower left) launch HELP...once on the Help screen just type *73738#...the screen will close and take you to your "reset" Back-Up Assistant...when it ask for the pin# type in yours.....I hope this helps.Purchased this phone because it has been the phone my husband has used for years. It was stated that it could be used if you had an existing Verizon account. That does not work. It is not longer available for programing. Disappointed..We had used this phone before, so we were familiar with it. The price was really good; it appeared to be brand new. Still a few resisting change, but this phone does what we need it to do.The back of ours isnt closing correctly and also has faulty keypad. Without those two, the phone is great, but becareful. Refurbished does mean something has been wrong with it before.The phone is an old model. I actually had one years ago because it is pretty much indestructible. Unfortunately, it is so out-of-date that the monthly fees are high. The battery in the phone I bought (I bought it used.) died completely within weeks of my purchase. I should have known that it's impossible to go back in history and try to use it today.with a cheap snap on case and a little clear screen cover plastic filmy thing BLAM work phone i had it in my pocket all day in diesel soaked jeans then put it in the wash (still in pocket) then dry (still in pocket) puller it out an hour latter let it cool turned it on still running about a year laterThis replaces my mother's old phone. Seems to work for her very well.I bought three of these two and a half years ago for my wife, my boy, and myself. The boy is now 18 and after all he's put that phone thru it still works like new. Mine and my wife's still look like new. The boy, right after he got his, turned on his music and dropped it in a friend's pool to show his buddies it was waterproof, it was, and still works great.I ordered this product because the front display screen on a friend's phone broke. I found that this seller was selling used phones for a decent price. I knew before ordering that these were going to be used phones so I dreaded the condition they were in. I was happily surprised that I received an almost brand new phone with slight wear. I powered it on since the battery still had a charge and the phone started right up with. O issues. Now my friend has a spare battery that he can use with his fixed phone.perfect phone for my husband, I have one around the house just like it but couldn't find it, so we ordered this one and it works great!I just want a cell to talk. I have ruined several because of moisture. This one has sort of a rubbery cover on keys and has lasted me longer than any phone I have had in a very long time. For those who just want a cell to "talk", this is a great phone.I ordered this for my husband as he's a farmer and into all sorts of dirt and equipment. He had destroyed his previous phone. Upon receiving the phone, we were able to transfer all his info to the new one and he's taken it to work daily. It holds a charge for a LONG time and actually stays clean! We both love the phone!These are pretty bullet proof phones and are good for buying used phones. I Ordered two of these after flushing my old faithful down into the depths of the earth, one from NC and this one from Texas. The other phone ordered from the NC reseller was in my mailbox two days after the ordered and was in great shape with a new fresh charged battery and is currently living in my pocket. However this phone arrived a week and a half later with a flat battery and a lot of battle scars but still was in working order. Like I said this model is bullet proof otherwise I wonder if the outcome would have been the same with a more fragile version of flip phone. I gave three stars because of the long wait, flat battery, and battle scars. Not so much the battle scars.prolonged battery lifeMy husband used this phone for about a week. Never dropped it or got it wet and the screen went black then would not come back on. A few days later the phone all of a sudden comes to life. Very weird.This item was delivered promptly and was easy to activate. It was as advertised and we have no complaints.I've had my original V860 for over 4 1/2 years, and I was getting ready to settle for a "smart" phone. I doubt any other (especially "smart" ) phone could withstand the abuse (unintentional) my barrage has suffered... ***I do NOT suggest that anyone try and duplicate these instances, I doubt the warranty would cover any of them!!*** A short list: Gone through a complete warm wash cycle, dropped in a 5 gal bucket of latex paint, dropped from a 7 and 10 foot height onto a concrete floor, dropped kicked 6 feet colliding with a brick wall and two weeks ago dropped into a gutter of rushing snow melt (frigid, very salty and gritty) not retrievable for 15 minutes (stuck under a pile of snow). Each and every time, the phone was still on and functioned perfectly Except for the bucket of paint where the mic was partially blocked by dried paint (my fault). The only down side I can see is resetting all the sounds and graphics to where I want them...I love this phone!!The back of the phone was broken with the backplate not even fitting on properly. The phone itself had gunk in all of the nooks and crannies, disgusting, would like a refund/replacement to change my ratingI purchased this phone for my dad who works in asphalt and construction. He loves the camera for taking photos of his grandkids and pets. The only conplaint we have is the battery life is terrible but we will purchase a new extended life battery. I paid 35 dollars for the phone and I am satisfied with the quality for that price.within days of receiving this phone in the mail. All of the problems I've been having went away. The great improvement over the phone I had before. I hope this one lasts for a long long time.Great clam-shell phone. Durable; many uses...was designed as military phone, so it can be water resistant.Perfect for my no nonsense husband to is tough on his gear.New as described. Tough cell phone, not "smart" but durable. Perfect for people who want to TALK on the phone!I love this phone. Since all I do is talk it meets my requirements. Dropped it in a puddle and NO problem. Really is waterproof. Also the sellers are the best. Thanks for the back.okay phoneThanksGreat phone for the technologically impaired.Tuff phone , I've dropped it several times while working in my garage. (Dropped on cement floor). Phone still works great.Good phone , I lost one like it that I had for 6 years with no problems, so I got a new one just like it!My husband loved his new phone! He liked the operation and simplicity of this phone better than his old one. I would reccommend to anyone who doesn't want or need a lot of bells and whistles.Locked phone not new did not find out until I got home to my husband now, passed return date. He did not not know :(My hubby is dangerous on cell phones. He drops then ask the time in water in dirt pretty probably even in the toilet....Lol this phone is durable and small enough fir his pocket he loves it.Phone is great, do not like how the calendar function works; you can now fast forward to the next month - must go week by week.works wellBought this phone to replace a broken one. Hoping it would work with Verizon. Phone was exactly as described. Included everything (charger cord, battery, case, etc.) All in excellent shape. Hooked up to Verizon within minutes and transferred all my contacts. Price was very reasonable, and shipped quickly. I will go to this seller again when I'm looking for another phone.Farm work, tractor,gardening,weedeating,etc. Tough devise great reception on both ends of conversation.forward my smartphone to this devise and leave it inside where it is safe while working.really like itGreat work phone for the price!This person/company shipped the phone on time and I received it a day earlier than I was promised. The phone was in better condition than I thought it was described as and I have not had one bit of trouble with it. YES I AM A HAPPY AND SATISFIED CAMPER WITH THIS TRANSACTION.Not as advertised . Very beat up . Disappointing to say the least .Nice looking phone! Fast delivery too!These are the best. Rugged, take abuse and drowning. All my working friends have these. I was VERY saddened to hear that Motorola was bought out and sold off to THE C WORD!Works great!The best phone on the market.Great item Fast shippingMotorola Barrage - MOTV860 UPDATE 6 MONTHS LATER: Alright, so maybe this isn't such a bad phone after all. It is VERY simple and it STILL gets great reception compared to other verizon phones I've had. I still wouldn't call it rugged at all. But, for a penny- I think it is the best bet of all the 1 cent options, as it is still working great after 6 months and the fact that it weighs nothing and doesn't seem to contain any glass or metal as advertised has become less annoying as it has been consistently performing well. No problems since the early exchange for the dud. Maybe they just need to change their advertising angle as it isn't bad at all, but is NOT industrial grade. Because of it's consistently very high talk quality and ease of use, I have upped it a star. ____________________________ UPDATE: two months later... Returned the original phone because the screen kept going blank. Had no problems at Verizon with the exchange because it had been purchased within 30 days and have had no problems with the replacement phone. The reception is still VERY good and the Battery life long. But still... it is not a rugged phone by any stretch. There is no such thing as an industrial grade phone. Please Motorola, start making something in the USA! ----------------------------- Maybe this was designed to military specs, but it is just a cheap plastic phone... toy even. I don't know where the metal and glass is on this consumer version of what may have once been an industrial grade design. The hinge doesn't seem to be metal, it seems to be plastic although it could be aluminum or some other inexpensive and light metal. The screen doesn't seem to be glass, but plastic. screen goes completely white randomly, rendering it useless a good deal of the time. Don't know that it would survive even a 2 foot drop, since it didn't seem to make it through shipping without getting messed up. The product description is a joke compared to what was actually delivered. Looking for a rugged phone? Don't look to the Barrage unless appearances are all that matters. This phone should be heavy, it weighs nothing and feels cheap. I don't know that a truly rugged phone exists anymore. If Motorola won't make a quality product in the USA, there's no one that will. The only thing positive about this phone is that it does seem to get rather good reception when the screen isn't white. If Motorola wants to tout this phone as rugged, they need to use the original design components or change the description from metal and glass to thin plastic, made in China. Bottom Line - Looks Tough, feels weak. Good Reception. Rugged? HA... All Hat, No Cattle.Very good service satisfied with the product the only problem the battery was bad it would only hold charge for four hoursIt's all that was promised. It was nice to just so easily buy another phone and being able to get it so quickly kept out business going smoothly,easily brokenThis a great basic replacement phone for my mother, who did not want to be bound/enslaved to a two year contract.I had one before, so I hoped this one would be as good! It was like new, just as was promised!I've dropped this phone on hard surfaces and even in a pail of water and the phone was perfectly fine.goodReplaced an old one that had a long life. Very sturdy and reliable.don't bother ... it broke shortly after receiving itBOUGHT THIS OVER 6 MONTHS AGO AND STILL WORKS GREAT WITH MY FORD SYNC. BEST FLIP PHONE OUT THERE FOR THE FORD SYNC HANDS DOWN. CAN DO CALL WAITING, WORKS OFF CURRENT PHONE BOOK NUMBERS IN PHONE.niceMy husband is so hard on cell phones and this is fantastic. He has dropped it so many times and it works great,This kept my mother off my back. ThanksVERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE MOTOROLA BARRAGE V860 the perfect work phone for my line of work i should have went with the camera version but still a great phone....thanks great dealWorks goodCompany did well, however people can't hear me through the microphone when I talk into the phone.thanksit was a great replacement phone for my husband, he had an old motorola and this one works even better.Lost cell phone and still have 6 mos to go on contract. This phone fits the bill for what I needed on this line. In good shape with new charger. Working fine.It is a great phone and it is a real pleasure to use and haveRECEIVED THE PHONES RIGHT ON TIME..THE PHONES ARE GOOD QUALITY AND WORKED GREAT..WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCTS TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY..We needed a basic phone with no data that would be good for texting and phone. Unfortunately the texting feature on this phone is not that great. It is hard to type a word like ok - it always changes it to something else; as well as a whole list of other words. The ability to change the word back by pressing one key (past phones you just pushed the 0 key and it would switch to another word, press again and another word) - not so with this phone. It can be very challenging to just type a 10 word text!!Needed a older phone that was not a smart phone worked greatI WISH THESE PHONES WERE STILL AVAILABLE , I'M PRETTY ROUGH ON PHONES BUT THESE SEEM TO SUIT ME FINE , THIS CAME ON TIME AND A GOOD PRICEI was looking for a third phone ( dedicated work number) I am in the service industry and my phone can be subject to bit of an abuse. I am on the phone most of the day and tend to use the speaker. This phone is very sturdy ( already survived a 12 feet drop on concrete). The batter life is good. It is very light and a good size. not very good for emailing or texting (I don't think any of these flip phones are when you compare them to the new smart phones), but that is not what I bought it for. The quality of sound is good. buttons are well laid out and visible . I really like this phone are recommend it anyone who is looking for an everyday phone.I bought two of these, one for my BF and one for myself. We love them! Durable, easy to use, over all wonderful!I purchased this phone with the understanding that it was a 7 out of 10, and that it was in proper working order. I got the phone today, and while it looks as I expected (no major cosmetic issues) the speaker does not work. So I can receive calls, but I cannot hear what is being said. Useless phone. It came with a note that said that it had been checked to ensure it works before sending it to me. They either lied or for some mysterious reason, the speaker broke on its way to me. It was cheap, but still a waste of 25 dollars. Im so irritated.I recieved everything as expected. Product has a few more scatches than what I expected, but this is a great company to buy from. I would recommend this company to everyone I know.Great value.just what i wanted thank you!Sellers sent this quickly and when you order something useful don't know what to expect. Was pleasantly surprised. Phone was in much better shape than I expected and it works great and battery was fully charged. It almost looked unused. For the price was great deal.I got it real fast and it work with my plan that's what I wanted thanksniceAWESOME Phone!Sturdy,durable,&classy phone.My dad bought this phone.. Uses it for Construction.. It's awesome works very good!Recommand buying it to everyone! Love it!Exactly what I was looking forSeems like the perfect phone for my 60 year old husband who doesn't use the internet..very lightweight and easy to useto bit upokayhad a bug!great phone and great price. very loud ringer which I need also that is waterproof is a plus. reception is better than any phone I have ownedIf you are skeptical about buying from this company, don't be! The item was shipped and received within two days of ordering. After I received the phone I called the phone number on the invoice and was immediately connected to a live person! Unheard of today, right? She was most courteous and helpful. Although the phone was a little dirty (I was told that's the way it came from the distributor), with a little alcohol and cotton swab it now looks brand new! Do not think twice about ordering from here! TEN stars!I've owned this phone for nearly four years and I love it! I've dropped it and soaked it, and it still works perfectly. It has lots of nice features like a notebook function for jotting notes to yourself, a camera (although the photos aren't as crisp as with more hi-tech phones), alarm clock, calculator and stop watch. The original battery (from Verizon) didn't last more than a year, but replacements are inexpensive, and I adore this phone overall. I don't like touch screens, and don't text enough to need a full keyboard, so this phone is perfect. I have the Internet capability turned off, although it would be useful for looking up addresses while on the road. While my husband and kids have gone through two fancy phones each in the time I've owned this one (one dropped in the toilet, one shattered on the floor, one just died on its own, and one started typing random letters in texts) I've had the same bullet-proof phone.love this Phone, open to talk close to end conversation. Camera easy to use, record memo's a little tricky... I like it so much I got the insurance on it thru Assurion which cortracts with Verizon. Unfortunately their quality control SUCKS mine quit working after a long [3 or 4 years]time. so I send it in, awhile later the second one quits sent that 1 back. 3rd time the camera was INOP I then send that one back which now is number 4, in the closed phone position, the screen outer perimeter is peeled back so bad that the camera is useless not to mention no longer water resistant... The phone it's self is getting 5 star's Verizon who refused to work with me get's a 2 and their insurance Carrier a O. the phone itself is rugged until it's remanufactured in Korea!!!.... CLICK ON "SEE MY REVIEWS" AND THE "CUSTOMERS IMAGES" for pictures!!I was in the market for a new phone, and I had the following list of desires: + Tetherable wireless modem. + Ruggedized + Uses the same USB interface as my wife's and son's phones I first ordered a different ruggedized VZW phone, because it was advertised with more features and was well reviewed. The problem was, the other brand of phone did not come with a USB cable, nor was one available. While I was searching around for the cable online, I tried out the extra features, such as the thermometer- it was off by 4 to 6 degrees Farenheit, making it pretty useless. The LED flashlight was nice, but not nicer than being able to surf the WEB surfside. So, I exchanged it for this much less glitzy Motorola Barrage. I have already used it to get my email and upload documents far from any available Wi-Fi hot spots (cool!) and it has come in handy when I am in the shower and I get an important phone call (like from my wife). It also uses the same cord as the other cell phones in the family, which is great on trips. It has some other surprisingly useful features. For example, I can make a call without looking at the phone because it pronounces the names of my contacts as I scroll through the list. Also, it is actually very useful to know who is calling without having to put down whatever I am carrying to look at the cell phone display. The voice recognition, e.g., "Call... John... Mobile," actually work on this phone for me and that is a first. I already have several great digital cameras, so I always thought having a camera phone was sort of stupid. But the other day I bought something at the lumber store that didn't have a sticker. No problem, I just snapped a picture of the display tag, and the cashier keyed the SKU right in. I put one of those 4 GB micro SD cards into the phone for $11 so I can transfer files back and forth from the phone to my laptop, or to other computers. That's when one gewfy 'feature' of the phone showed up. When you first plug it in to the USB cable, you get to choose between "Media Sync Mode" and "Modem Mode." Choosing "Media Sync" gives you the option to either download music, or NOT. "Not" mode does nothing... nada... Zippo... except to charge the battery. If you want to transfer files or photos, you have to go into "Tools" and select "USB Mass Storage." But even *that* is gewfy, because there are two menu items that have the phrase 'USB'. To transfer files, you want the one that results from, "MENU, Settings & Tools, 2. Tools, 8. USB Mass Storage," and *not* "MENU, Settings & Tools, 9. USB Mode." Pretty stinkin' ridiculous, eh? The bluetooth pairing thingie works, but I can't get used to making or answering calls on a headset. Plus, people who walk around in public talking to themselves seem icky to me. I might get a car adapter someday, and I am confident this phone will work with it. Other than that one weird menu glitch, I really, really like this phone.My wife and I finally decided to upgrade our VZW phones but really didn't want or need "smart" phones. Unfortunately, most carriers have drastically reduced the number and quality of basic "feature" phones they carry - I suspect it's an underhanded effort to "encourage" customers to buy the more expensive phones and data plans. At the kiosk where we shopped - there were only 3 feature phones available and the Motorola Barrage seemed to be the pick of the litter. My Barrage has worked well since the purchase - however - I make very few calls during the day and the ones I do make are brief. On the other hand, my wife's Barrage was a disaster... she uses hers just a little more than I use mine - but is not, by any means, a cell phone junkie. Her initial charge lasted 5 days - GREAT! The next full charge lasted about 3 days - HUH? The next full charge lasted less than a day - CRAP!!! Verizon gladly offered to exchange the phone - but they were 'out of stock'. We waited several days for a replacement - only to learn that the phone was being discontinued and there would be NO new ones. A couple of these phones were finally located at a WalMart about 20 mile away - so, I made the trip and exchanged the phones. HOWEVER, her new phone was worse than the first.... the initial full charge lasted just a little over a day. I did an internet search and found this to be quite a common problem for this phone. I tried every posted "fix" to no avail. My wife grew tired of dealing with it and finally exchanged her Barrage for an LG Clout... which has performed flawlessly and gives her 5 days to a full charge. I'm just praying MY Barrage doesn't peter out now. Maybe I'm lucky and got a "good" one. Other minor complaints.... the battery cover is hard to install properly - even the Verizon agent didn't know how. If the cover is not FULLY seated, the phone WILL NOT be water resistant..... you can find this discussed on several different websites as well. Once you learn a few tricks, it becomes easier to do. The MP3 player interface is the quite dated and clunky old Verizon "V Cast".... it's high time Verizon reworked this dinosaur into something a little more flexible. There is no graphic equalizer - heck, there's not even a basic tone adjustment - so you'll have to live with the fairly flat audio the player has. The headphone jack is 2.5mm - unfortunately, common headphones have a 3.5mm plug and won't work without an adapter (I finally bought a pair of BlackBerry earbuds with a 2.5mm plug on Amazon for $4 and they work GREAT!!!). The Barrage is a bit thick compared to other flip phones and may be uncomfortable to hold in smaller hands. The thickness also makes finding a suitable case difficult. So - only 1 (out of 3) of these phones worked for us.... those are not great odds. I like mine so far - but I'm nervous that it won't last and I can not recommend this phone without some serious reservations. If you're seriously considering this phone (as Dirty Harry would say) you've got to ask yourself one question: "Do I feel lucky?" Well do ya, punk?I admit, I'm a contractor and I'm very tough on phones. That's why I try to buy the "ruggedized" phones, the heavy duty ones that are supposed to be able to handle some abuse. This phone did not live up to it's billing. I even bought two separate protective cases, a leather one, and then a hard rubber one. Even with the cases on, the phone was useless after only a month and a half. First the front screen cracked. No big deal, it happens on pretty much every phone I've had. But then, the main screen went blank, and I was left with trying to dial or pull up numbers blindly from memory. After a month and a half? very disappointed. My first phone was a motorola, and I loved it, this one did not hold up. I went with aCasio GzOne Ravine 2 Verizon, instead and have been extremely happy with it. The front screen hasn't even cracked yet, and it's been over 6 months. I'd skip the Barrage and to with a Ravine 2.I've had this phone for one year. This phone is a great PHONE. I don't use it for anything else except making and receiving calls, and it is excellent. The reception is as good as my old Motorola KRZR. The internal speaker is loud and clear and filters out a great deal of ambient sound on my end. The speakerphone is an all star! Crisp and LOUD and simple to use, the speakerphone makes a headset seem silly to bother with. The ruggedness is great for my needs, the occasional fall, the keys are very grit-proof, and I can personally vouch for the waterproof rating. My Barrage went through the washing machine and has been dropped in the bathtub twice, both were no problem. If you want a phone for internet, email and pictures this phone may not be for you, I wouldn't know, for me this phone is an all star.Since I'm a dummy, I've left 2 lightweight cellphones in my pants pockets that went into the washing machine. This phone has a little heft to it and should remind me to pull it out before I do the stupid human trick that has already cost me $$. It has a nice feel in my hand, has all the features that I need and, it's WATERPROOF!! So it says oh the specs, "submersible for up to 30 minutes". However, I hope I don't have to see if this is really true. It's already survived one drop with no problems. Maybe this phone was designed for a clumsy ox like me!!I've had this phone for 4 years, the guys at work talked me into it and said, it's called the military phone, drop it, falls in water, thrown on the ground My grandson has played with it, thrown it around and it's still perfect I understand from Verizon, they don't make it any more They were all correct, I love this phone and now have the extra large battery from Amazon and only have to charge it every other night Feels like it will last foreverThis was recommended by a Verizon rep and the phone is hard to use, shuts off sporadically and has to have the battery removed to re start, and gets worse reception than an older LG I had previously. Would not reorder.I NOW HAVE 2 OF THESE PHONES. I ACTUALLY SWAM WITH THE PHONE IN MY POCKET FOR 15 MINUTES AND GOT OUT OF THE WATER TOOK IT OUT OF MY POCKET AND MADE A CALL I SWAPPED IT FOR A COMMANDER SMART ? PHONE THAT WAS LESS CONVENIENT TO USE ONE HANDED WHEN NECESSARY. THEY SHOULD NEVER STOP MAKING THIS PHONE.I have had my phone around seven years. I love it. It finally stopped working. I am getting another one. You do not need a manual to program and save and text. It is a substantial phone and not dainty. It fits in your hand so comfortably. I highly recommended it.I really like this phone. Got it to replace the Kin 1 which was awful! The Barrage is simple to use, camera is fine, and this one is waterproof (not that it will survive a washing machine). Good sound quality with no dropped calls. I would buy it again.Came as advertised. Blemish free and performs like new. Looking forward too years of use.as promised phone was ready to go. Only slight damage to case but the price was good and the value is thereGreat phoneits greatphone wilnot work on verizon service thanks for nothing TAYLOR WIRELESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Missing wall charger!!! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0033SFV5A/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 This offer includes the following accessories 1. Battery 2. Battery Cover (if applicable) 3. Wall Charger But seller answered me: This was listed as the phone only it does not with a charger.. ????????I accidentally put in my previous review that the product was not what was described. That was incorrect. The product was EXACTLY what was promised. The Verizon representative was in error when they mis-diagnosed the problem with the activation. The Seller was NOT at fault. I would use this Seller again as they were extremely responsive and helpful with the item and the problems I was having with Verizon.I too bought this phone as a replacement. I read the reviews, some said it was, some said it wasn't. Took it to Verizon to activate today and was told it was a pre-paid phone just as the packaging indicated. The problem is the description doesn't say it is a prepaid phone. Almost false advertising I would say.Didn't last long had to purchase a new phoneThis phone also worked with Selectel which is another Verizon MVNO as is Page Plus.it works better than what i had before.THANK YOUWe bought this phone because we broke one of ours an our and what about out it definitely served its purpose and it was a great phoneGreat Phone!I am handicapped and aged. I needed a Cell phone for emergencies on the road and with a CAMERA for any accidents for proof if available, and being inexpensive!!! This Camera pleases me greatly! There is no contract, I just pay $15 a month not needing to be renewed monthly as sometimes I am just not able to come up with the funds or am recovering from surgery and do not go anywhere! It certainly fulfills my needs and for others in the same boat as myself. I do not need anything fancy with a lot of features, even though this phone has several! I am VERY SATISFIED WITH IT!Working well as expected.A+Cant activateExcelenteworks great and received it quickworks goodWas not satisfied. After activating it there was a buzzing sound that would not go away.The phone sent was a prepaid phone, however, the product was not advertised as such. No where does it say this is a prepaid phone.Has served me well for four years?Fast shipping. Product as described. Phone looks and works great.It's great!Had no idea this phone was prepaid and it didnt work for me. Should have said prepaid somewhere in the description.Great phone for a 10yr old!It works great. Not much info when u are buying the item. It does not come with a charger. I give it for stars because there wa no chargerWell this flip phone was great, and it fit my husbands needs! Simply send and receive calls, maybe text. That's enough and it works for him!I purchased this phone as a replacement for another phone. When it arrived I couldn't activate it with Verizon because it was a PrePaid phone (Not mentioned in the description) Verizon requires it to be on the prepaid plan for 6 months before activating on a regular account. BE WARE!I received the phone on time. When it was time to connected I was not able because the phone was locked. The phone did not come with the unlock pass code. Finally I was able to connected the battery was not good. The phone was not in the condition that the seller said.You're sounding like Ebayi got this phone but couldn't put on my # because the seller didn't remove his old # from it. I contacted the seller numerous times ( see email log), but they weren't to helpfull . Now all i want is to send back this defected phone and I want the seller to send me a free shiping lable which even that they havent been so grasious to give mehate itMy phone arrived without a charger! well The packing was pretty much just bubble wrapped and the phone could have been damaged during shipping. The phone was in good condition.This is not too complicated for my husband to use who is a senior. It is easy to read and simple to use.Looks ok. Haven't used it, found old phone. Don't know why you need more words in response. It's a phone, big deal.junk. I was trying to help someone in need. Lesson learned. JUNKIt came with the wrong charger, and you can't buy the charger anymore.It does the job for the most part. party failed to mention that the phone already had water damage and does not always ring when someone calls you...Good basic phone which I use as pre-paid. No long term contract, and with $100 refill the phone is activated for one year (actual length of service depends on individual usage and plan selected). Verizon has many prepaid options for daily use or cost per minute, plus overall good nation wide coverage. A couple of other prepaid providers offer lower cost but service is limited to major metropolitan areas. If you live in a rural area, there is no service. This phone is rugged and serviceable, no it isn't trendy nor can you surface the web, but it is a functional phone at a reasonable cost. Text messages can be sent from this phone, although it is a little cumbersome. Texts can also be sent to other Verizon cell numbers from a PC through My Verizon account. (free of charge for texts sent). This is a good phone for an adult or child who wants a basic phone and isn't afraid of "flip phone shaming"!When I turned 16, I needed a prepaid just to start out, seeing as I had never owned a cellphone before. So mom gave me this phone on my 16th birthday, and now i'll be 20 next month... I still have the same phone. The same exact one she bought for me four years ago. This phone is ruthless. I drop it on my bedroom floor by accident, on average, twice a week, and it still works the same as it did when I first got it. I even dropped it in a full bucket of water, it sank all the way to the bottom, and it still worked like normal when I dried it off!! It's a rock, I swear. I'm a texter, not a caller, so what I do every month is the unlimited texting plan, $20 a month. Can't receive video, but that's not a big deal to me. I receive pictures and text messages without the hassle of hidden payments. The charger came with the phone, since it was bought at a Verizon store. The calling is pretty clear. I definitely recommend this phone if you're not looking for anything too snazzy. It's a pretty ordinary phone, takes pictures, has big buttons. I'm into the old school Verizon, not much of a touch screen person. It's great!PHONE AS DESCRIBED. REALLY FAST SHIPPING!!!Very unhappy that I got a phone that did not work. The phone volume was fine, but the person on the other end could not hear me.Yep, I'm one of those people who doesn't want a smart phone. I bought this to replace one exactly like it that I drowned. It's a phone! It makes calls! It gets calls! That's all I ask of it, and it delivers just fine. Yes, I know the lovers of smart phones will say it's a dinosaur. But if I drown this one, too, I haven't lost anything but an inexpensive phone, meaning all I have to do is reload my contact list, and boogie on. I like the bluetooth feature, because I can drive hands-free. Simple is good. So is the sound quality, charging time and battery life, the light weight, and the small size. Nothing bad about this phone except it can't swim.Phone was much better than expected-appears to be brand new. Cell Ev INC delivered phone on time as promised. Had no problem connecting to my PagePlus account.so much better than verizon it is unbeliveible, an I did'nt have to sign a contract for 2 years that is such a ripoff I am suprized anybody falls forit. thanks for keeping it real kennygNeeded it just to transfer a line over to. It serves its purpose, however the phone was previously used, which I was under the impression that it wasnt. Arrived early than expectant date.Could not activate the phone as it is still under the prepaid conditions for Verizon. Returned for refundthis is a good small no frills basic phone for making and getting calls, just what a phone is suppose to dospotty reception but I live in a dead zoneWorked greatWe purchased this Samsung U350 CDMA flip phone as a replacement phone to a previous Samsung Haven flip phone we bought via Amazon. The Samsung U350 CDMA is very SMALL, with the basic features, but at least it has the Camera feature that my husband NEEDS for on-the-job photos. And, honestly, we really like the Samsung Haven better, but so-so sad that it doesn't have a Camera on it. :-( The Haven will have to be our "back up" phone now. SAMSUNG, PLEASE PUT A CAMERA FEATURE ON THE HAVEN!!! ;-)Returned phone it was not unlocked and I could not activate. Arrived on time but could not use the phone.Worked great for my 12 year old sisterThanksI bought this phone as a temp until I could use my upgrade and I had 2 and neither worked. What a wasteThe phone I received was a pre-paid phone and Verizon would not allow me to activate it on my account with my current plan.IT DID NOT WORK.Serves my needs. Reception seems to be good to excellent everywhere. Easy to use-I'm old, and not adept at gadget laden phone. 5 months out it's been reliable so far. (1) No opinion on the camera. Phone camera are crap compared to real cameras as far as I'm concerned, so I keep a real camera on me or near. (2) Not much account for texting. I hate texting, but my friends send them to me anyway, and in abundance. It works, but is slow and inefficient. (3) Things like input and deletion of contacts has been very simple for me, and understand I am a technophobe. (4) Could hardly be easier to carry. (5) I am beginning to maybe trust Verizon, so I could see being on a plan, but the month-to-month no contract aspect of this thing is very appealing. In general I trust phone companies less than I trust MDs or Cygna insurance, which is to say not at all. (6) Charges pretty quickly on even a vehicle charger. And chargers for this odd obscure little piglet have not been hard to find even around here.I purchased these 2 additional phones as replacements for the current ones my sweetheart keeps destroying....over & over & over. I purchased the originals in 2009. He destroyed his 1st one (temper..temper..) in 2010. So I traided and gave him mine so he could go on a trip and be in touch if needed. On returning, that phone was run over...bummer! Replaced 2 more, Yup, his was accidentally dumped into a glass of fortified grapefruit juice.(that doesn't work well) I bought another one for him which he still has (so far). So, I decided to buy 2 more and keep them in stock for insurance. One thing I am disappointed with is they come with a $10.00 (30 Day) initial allotment but that is not added to your balance when you have to replace the phone. Oh well! I like these phones because I can get the service for $100.00 a year for now. We only use them for emergency so I re-fill both of them once a year. I just don't think anyone can get better service for that amount. I gave it 3 stars because I / we don't use all the bells and wistles it is capable of and it doesn't come close to being in competition with many other phones but I can take pictures, not the greatest quality but still OK. and e-mail. It's capable of internet connection if needed but that eats up minutes instantly. It has more capabilities also but being financially restricted I just keep expenses as minimal as possible. (K.I.S.S.) These are OK phones and for emergencies it takes care of that requirement. The cell service itself is normal & adequate. Yes I would recommend it to anyone as an emergency phone.I got this for my mom and she's thrilled. We switched from Verizon about half a year ago to another carrier. However, due to reception issues, we switched her back to verizon, but this time prepaid. The prices for Verizon's prepaid per minute are not as great as the previous carrier, but this phone is great! It's almost identical to my mom's contract samsung phone, which lasted her years, except this phone is a little more up to date. The reception is just as great as it was with our contract phones too. It's a great basic phone, and if you told me it was a contract phone I would believe you in a second. It has a great feel to it as well. I'm very pleased.This phone has a lot of functionality. It is Very small. Great for an emergency pay-as-you-go phone which is what we were looking for at the time. Totally programmable and very easy to understand and manage online. I am sure if one wanted to call Verizon to activate and ask questions about the phone and service, it would be equally satisfactory. My experience is with online activation and teaching my elderly father to use this phone in an emergency. The ring is loud enough to be heard, the speaker is loud enough to be heard and it is small and functional.Arrived on time or sooner,in original container as in any store.Also to my surprise ,included "2" Freebies ,an car charger and earplug....... Very fast registration with verizon wireless via the phone itself and also online for "my account".......Also includes call blocking and your phone id # stealthing.............. Beats Tracfone lol.....Cant set in serviceworks wellMY MOM LOVES THIS PHONE, IT SERVED IT'S PURPOSE BUT WHEN WE CHECKED IT, SHE WAS USING ENOUGH MINUTES THAT A PLAN WAS CHEAPER SINCE CALL TO CALL FROM THE SAME COMPANY IS FREE.Exactly as described. And exactly what I was looking for. Though I do see what one reviewer was talking about with "pocket pictures". The camera on switch is a little too promenant.The only problem I have is getting a hold of the top to flip the top open to answer it but other then that it is an excellent phone I am happy with it.It's got a camera, it's easy to figure out, it allows a thousand one, two, or three button shortcuts (which is overkill, but hey). For the price, it does more than I would've expected.It's becoming obsolete I wasted my money I can't use itThe phone was for my mother and she says it's works great! I would give it a 5 star, however, they sent the wrong kind of charger and we had to go out and get another one. Other than that, everything is great!WAS VERY HAPPY TO GET THE SAME PHONE THAT SOMEONE HAD STOLEN FROM ME GOD BLESS YOU FOR HAVING THIS PHONECompletely satisfied. Product works well. Shipping was prompt & was received by promised date. Very satisfied.I had foolishly expected that something would come with it to let me know how to make it work. But there was nothing at all, and since I've never used a disposable phone, and don't have a regular cell phone, it's worthless to me. Thanks a lot..a nice little phone, when all you need is a phone.bought it as a giftEasy to use - works well!pruduct has eye appeal & nice features.My oops was that I ordered it for my reachout wireless government phone line as an upgrade.I was not aware that verizon makes there own phones where reachout wireless does not & uses other companies phones.if you order a new verizon phone[verizon is reachouts carrier]they will not release that phone to any other company until you have completed a 6 month contract.if you have a reachout government assisted mobil phone & want to upgrade you are better off ordering one out of there website.the phone itself I liked & wish it would have worked for me.an easy 4 stars rating.Sk8rBoiits good and i am satisfied with my purchase. It has the basic phone functions which were my requirement from the phone.GarbageIt was great!!! I was very happy!!!I purchased the phone to replace an older phone my dad was using. Verizon was unable to use this phone with their plan. It was a prepaid phone only.This phone might be OK for some purposes but was NOT suitable for Page Plus service. It was conveniently returned without problemsCrawfords Superstore advertised a cell that looked identical to my Verizon flip-top phone, with one exception ... this was a wireless device with online capability, which I don't want (yeah, I know!), I discovered this, reading the packaging, though they had clearly said 'wireless' phone in the ad. (Yeah, I know!) When the phone arrived, I realized my error, and contacted the seller immediately. I sent the phone back pronto. But I have received only generic responses from the seller, Crawfords Superstore, to my communications. Maybe they credited my credit card ... I hope so. But I thought I would get s o m e kind of acknowledgment. Too impersonal. Maybe I am dreaming, expecting communication. Could be; doesn't impress me.The item was not able to activate. Because the item was already activated by someone. I had to go Verizon service center and spent long time to cancel previous use and activate for my use. Please do clean business. Do not sell used one as a new.This phone is fine if you just want to use the prepaid plans, but if you want to activate an existing account (which I did) verizon will not allow you to do that until you have used the prepaid plan on this phone for 6 months. Not for people with existing contracts looking for a cheap way to replace their broken or lost phones. Not too many used options on Amazon for cheap phones, it is better to go to ebay if you want a used phoneYou said there was no contract and you have to get a new one too use this !!!!!!!! I have a contract all ready and I just wanted to use this phone temporaley .So I bought this phone for nogthing Not happy !!!!!!!!!cant be connected to verizon, the Meid number is in conflict with verizon, cannot use phone. is it possible to returnI did not want a prepaid phone -- I wanted a Samsung U340 cell phone Verizon all purpose cell phone. I guess I would like an exchange this phone for aI received this phone so quickly I could hardly believe it! I would definitely order from you again!If you just want a phone to keep in your purse in case of emergencies, this is it. After getting totally fed up with Tracfone, I bought this. It's easy to put money on (which was my gripe with Tracfone. With this phone you program in your credit card number and once a month I punch in $15. Case closed, so to speak), has good reception and battery life, and customer service, the one time I've needed it in almost a year, was great. It's not fancy, but it serves its purpose well. And it can be even fancier than I usually need it to be, with pictures and text. I just bought two for Christmas presents (for 9.99 elsewhere - don't pay Amazon prices!)Thank you Samsung for guaranteeing I never buy another cell phone made by you. After 8 months of use, this phone started making beeps when I plugged in the charger and gave spurious warning messages that it had the "wrong battery", "unsupported battery", even though it would eventually usually recharge. I called Samsung warrantee service, and they made a ticket and UPS label to send in the battery. Within two weeks after I sent it in, they finished the service and sent me an email they had shipped out a replacement. After 3 weeks it hadn't arrived, and when I checked the tracking number, I discovered they'd mailed it to some guy in Florida, not Hawaii. It took me a month of multiple phone calls and submissions on the web to get Samsung Service in Plano, Texas, to send me another battery. When it arrived and I put it in the handset, it displayed the same malfunction. So the problem was in the handset, not the battery. I called Samsung and they told me to send in the handset without the battery or the door, which I did. Three weeks later, I get an email from Samsung that they have received the shipment and "*** PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL*** We regret to inform you that your Samsung ticket [#####] was rejected due to the following reason. REJECTED - INCOMPLETE KIT The original item will be shipped back to you unrepaired." and in a separate email, "Your product was shipped on 20101122 at 102557 EST." That message, though, was completely erroneous. Nothing was shipped back to me. It was followed by "We received your Samsung SCH-U350MBPVZW on 11/23/2010 at 12:41 EST". A week later, I got another message, "Problem found: LOCK UP DURING OPERATION (SW) SOFTWARE EMERGENCY RECOVERY Solution: S/W Updated Passed All Functional Testing", and a week after that, the handset arrived back, and now appears to be working. Would I sign up again for such an experience with a cell phone malfunction? No. There were just too many mistakes made here for this to be a fluke. Something is systematically wrong with Samsung USA. I resurrected my Motorola with a cheap OEM battery I got online, which I will continue to use.The Samsung Smooth Verizon prepaid phone shocked me when I realized that I bought this phone for $10.00 and I NEVER lose a signal no matter where I go. The phone takes pictures also. Not the best but that is not what I purchased the phone for. This phone has all that I need to communicate with others via text or calling. I can also access GPS, the internet, my emails, look up restraunts in surrounding areas and it has many more features that I did not even know was on the phone when I purchased it. What I also love about this phone is that I text over 1000 texts a month. I only pay $20.00 a month for a text bundle. I sometimes place calls which are short and to the point, less than 5 minutes, I hardly notice my balance dropping at all. The best part is my bill is around $20.00 a month compared to all of the other phones that I've owned which ended up being over $100.00 or closer to $200.00 and they always added in the fees for God only knows what. I love the Samsung Smooth with the Verizon service. Never lose a call or miss one, I can text all day long, every day for only $20.00 a month, and all of the extras that I described above. It is worth every cent that I pay for it.I'm on my 3rd one with Verizon -- this one bought new as prepaid, had to wait 6 months to activate with regular Verizon (blocked before that). Excellent phone, but old technology means you can't backup or restore contacts -- verified at a Verizon store. Darn.This phone has lasted me three years and it's only now starting to cause me problems. And that's probably because I don't treat it too well. I'm most likely going to buy the same phone to replace it.The Samsung Smooth has a great battery life and is built well. It is easy to learn and use and has good quality sound. It even has a decent signal at my house even though I live right on the border of a National Park. I get an excellent signal elsewhere. Remember, this is a great basic phone - it is not a Blackberry or a Droid. Bob - Akron OHI don't know how I lost this amazing phone but I prefer THIS so-called "old" phone to the shiny new iphone. It really is a phenomenal device.The case is so smooth and tapered it is very hard to grasp to flip open. The keys are also hard to push you have to press just right.I purchased a Samsung Smooth Verizon cell phone about 7 months ago and remain very happy with it. I needed a cheap plain cell phone to carry with me when traveling and did not want to pay a monthly charge just to have an emergency phone. I put $100 worth of minutes on the phone when I purchased it and 7 months later still have $78 left. As for my limited use this phone has worked very well for me. I even purchased one for a friend to carry with them for emergencies.I usually have no problems ordering through amazon. Very happy with your products. But, this one time, I was not satisfied. The phone was not damaged on the outside and you could use all your features. The problem I had is it would not stay charged. I would fully charge the phone, make one call and it would die. Than I could put the phone down for the night, fully charged, in the morning their would be no energy. I could not use this phone.No stating that this phone has the old style charge connection,, of which is not compatible with the latest. Meaning- the cord does nt fit into any other amsung device.Got the phone for my mom, she needed a cell phone to just make phone calls, she don't text. Received it took it down to Verizon Wireless and got it activated for her. Phone is great for her and there was no hassle activating the phone with Verizon Wireless. If needing a basic phone to use, I highly recommend this phone.Brought this phone for my sister, it was her first phone ever. She had no problems with it. For a standard flip phone, it's pretty simplistic. Aside from texting and making calls there's not too much else you can do. Picture quality wasn't the greatest, but considering the price and type of phone, it really wasn't bad.This phone is ideal for someone who needs a phone to use as a phone. The camera, texting and internet capabilities all work great, but the best part is that the phone does so well. Very satisfied.I found out the hard way, that you can not activate the phone with carrier, only use with buying of prepaid cards ONLY. On all prepaid phone from Verizon.We were warned by verizon not to buy outside their company because the others were not reliable. Well these phones are still being used and we loved them. they were pretty good.Several years old and still performing like it did the day we got it!Verizon wouldn't honor the phoneThis is a great phone for those like me who want an inexpensive phone with good sound. I appreciate a phone that is loud and clear enough to take phone calls in noisy places. The camera isn't all that hot, but better than most phones.The camera isn't important to me anyway. All in all a grat inexpensive phone.Love me some trusty flip-phones!greatbphone. It is just what we were looking for. Thanks for sending so promptly. It is much appreciated. Thanks againif you have a reg. verizon acct. this is not the phone for you. get a non pre-paid phone to add to your acct.phone works as expected. very low battery consumptionThank YouI order it for my brother but he still said it was to small for him to see the numbers good but now i think he had my other brother to check it out and the setting was wrong on it but he is now not complaining so everything ok.Piece of junk. It worked for about a month and now it only stays on for about 10 seconds then shuts off. Don't buy.Does what it says on the tin.Well worth the price and included a free $10 minutes card. Has all the functions I need and use. Economical.good phonewrong itemThis was a gift to be used for someone who doesn't use the phone often. It's durable, easy to function and serves the purpose well.never ordered never got iyGreat little phone!I am sure the phone if fine but it did not work on our family plan. We sent it back and requested a refund.this phone is crap its prepaid and its 75$ and it doesnt even have unlimited features like what the heck ?!!?!if you have an account with verizon this prepaid as all other prepaid phones cannot be added to the planWell i got this phone for my mother she happy with it. But I have had to use t a few times and the volume is low even when you have it turned all the way up. She only use it for phone calls because she doesn't text She can only read text when they come in if she hears it if not she has to ask some1 to retrieve it for her She almost 701) I ordered two identical items. I received one item exactly as ordered and one with an extra attachment. It makes me want the 2nd attachment for the 2nd phone. 2) They arrived quickly and were packaged safely.I was amazed by how fast my phone was delivered. I received my phone within less than a week. I definitely recommend this seller. Thanks.This is a great phone i have had it for about a year no problems at all. I accually bought a different phone becuase i wanted a slide phone it has a better rating but its not near as good as this phone.the battery life is amazing last me 2-3 days of use. It has great sound quality. pretty much the best phone cuz there is little things about it that just make everything so easy to use. i give it a 6 out 5 i will buy againWorst Flip Phone I ever had. It is difficult to open and the sound is terrible. My old LG VX8300 is far better than this phone.You can make calls whenever the phone doesn't slip out of your hand. Sound quality's fine, for the first few months. And then it starts to sound like everyone you call is cutting in and out. Are they having phone reception problems? Nope, it's your phone with the problem. The screen is a decent size for a phone at this price, but what's the point when you start getting extra lines across the screen after just a few months of use? The phone does tell time, though.This prepaid phone is good for emergency situations. Although i wish verizon gave more options with their prepaid plans. You cant get just talk anymore.very good, no problemsThe phone is OK but the Verizon payment plan extracts a monthly payment whether you use the phone or not. I wasn't aware of the terms until my account was terminated and my $60 balance confiscated. All Verizon support would say was send us more money and we will reactivate your account. My recommendation: go to Walmart.When i first looked at the phone it was so bright it made my great grandma go blind. Everyday she would talk about a Giraffe chasing her. When i lift it it turned to celery.After a short time it freezes up when texing and you have to put it on a flat area so you can tex. Cover is very lose and moves side to side. It seems like it is a refurbished item but they say it is new. I have ordered a second on and it does the same things. Don't waste your money.Purchased this renewed phone because it advertised it was an AT&T phone so works with my account. Advised all I had to do was change SIM card, which I did shortly after purchase. Then after install found all couldn't get a phone message and no one could leave me notes. Wouldn't go to internet, wouldn't wi-fi or work most of the apps. AT&T store visited again, re-checked and software was fine, seems it is in the phone hardware/software. Returning.Bought this to replace my stepfather's worn out Rugby II. He didn't want a smartphone. This is perfect for the older crowd who just don't want to mess with learning something new.This phone is terrible. It sounds like aluminum foil is being rubbed against the speaker to the person youre talking to. I threw the box away. Therefore, I cant send it back.I really like the phone,I am a senior and it's good to have the large numbers,I use a desktop and really don't need all the apps that most of the new models have.I do need an adapter for my car and I forgot to place it on that order.I would appreciate if Amazon could find one along with a cover for this phone.Thanks for remembering the baby boomers.Patsy Butler.patsy.butler@att.netThi sis a replacement for a lost phone. No surprises. Works well.I use the Rugby 2 every day and the battery lasts 1 to 2 days depending in the use. It's a good phone for meLike itThis is the best phone I have ever owned! I love it! I bought this phone becauuse Samsung lists it as "rugged". Other reviewers of this phone (with contract) have stated that it is not all that rugged. Thus far I cannot agree. It is light plastic and not as heavy or as rubberized as I was expecting, but, all in all, it will hold up quite well. The battery life is unexpectedly long, which is one of my biggest problems with my previous phone. The features are surprisingly relevent: a USB-based wall charger, voice dial (without the hassle of recording), micro SD card slot, GPS (which I have not used), etc. It has all of the features I want without the need for a data plan.This was a Christmas present for my dad. He loves it. It arrived on time. It was packaged safely. It's just what the low tech man needed. He's not interested in smartphones. This is durable and simple to use. Just what he had been wanting. Quality for a descent price.it is a great flip phone,very durable,easy to operate,small and compact,it's every thing i hoped it would be for a flipHad to have a phone right away when my Motorola RAZZ died after years of abuse, so had to put out the $100.00 to AT&T instead of the penny thru Amazon. Anyway what I wanted was a tough phone with 3G. (At&T doesn't have 2G in some parts of the country which I found out on our last motorcycle trip with my old RAZZ). My wants are simply, good phone service, big screen, one button speed dial, answer by opening lid and again, TOUGH ! Have had the phone two months and with an easy modification am very pleased with the phone. Read a lot of reviews and the most common complaint was the PTT feature being turned on often. Yes I found this to be a real pain, often having to press buttons to tell the phone I didn't want to enable the service. After waiting the 30 day return period I fixed that issue. Took a razor blade and carefully scrapped the case around the PTT button, then around the button. This was done to get good adhesion for step two, superglue. I carefully put a heavy bead of superglue around the PTT button. PTT hasn't activated in over a month, now I'm happy with the phone.I got this phone a week ago because ATT didn't stock the Motorola Tundra. Tundra had been through 4 years of rough use including purposly throwing it on the floor when someone was bragging about their new smart phone. I wasn't impressed with the construction when I purchased it but had to have a replacement. The Rugby II was the toughest phone stocked at the store. The included software to sync to my PC does not work, nor do any newer versions downloaded from Samsung. There is no support through Samsung for their software that I can find. The soft keys are programmable and I have made them match my old tundra. That is a real plus. I have read a lot of complaints about inability to disable PTT but I don't think it can be disabled on the tundra either. There is no option to disable the data keys. The Tundra allowed locking the browser and other data usage so there were no inadvertent connections. IM is the only lockable internet ap in the Rugby II Tundra was able to usb connect to PC for data transfer. Rugby II has to have a mini sim card installed before it will even try. Cant speak to durability yet but you can be assured I will not toss this one on the floorI've had this phone for roughly six months, and frankly, it's a piece of garbage. It consistently performs very poorly as far as reception goes. I've had to terminate calls because I couldn't hear the ther party well enough to continue. I never had this problem with my old Motorola EM330. Texting is a chore with the poorly laid out format requiring you to change screens for simple punctuation or numeric functions. AT&T keeps trying to blame the reception issues on a local network problem. A coworker has an identical phone with the identical problem. Other coworkers with AT&T service, but different phones do not have this issue. As an MP3 player coupled with my Bluetooth it's great. As a phone, it leaves a lot to be desired.I had an absolutely terrible experience with the original Rugby.. I had 3 of them that broke inside of a year (from the *original* date of purchase, mind you). B/c of the false information AT&T gave me on multiple calls (5 calls!), I could not get a new, alternative brand phone. So, I was forced into The Rugby II. Well, I'm happy to say it is much more reliable than the original! I haven't had any dropped calls. I haven't had any spontaneous connecting to the internet, either. The PTT button is still in the same spot as the original, but I don't seem to hit it as often. *shrug* I have a data plan, but this is not user friendly for that purpose. It will take pretty decent pictures when it's folded. The texting bit is still a hassle, though. Predictive texting is easier, but a bit sketchy, and I haven't found a way to get rid of words from its vocabulary once they've been added. It's bulky and heavy, too, but it helps me keep up with it. If I'm suddenly feeling lighter, I know I've left my phone somewhere. LOL If you want a feather-light phone or one with all the bells and whistles, this isn't the phone you want. You'll need a heavy duty case, too. I use a magnetic one made by body glove. I haven't had any difficulty pairing the Rugby II to my mac or my phone, or my PDA for that matter (BUT it won't SYNC with the Mac or PDA b/c they're not Windows machines). I can send pics, videos, etc. with no difficulty. Also, on the previous phones, I don't know if there was a voice dial option, but it's on the II. It's just a big P.I.T.A. to use, and it takes too long to respond. Don't try to voice dial 911. You'll die before the call's been made (maybe I'm exaggerating a little bit! lol). The memory's decent, but that was never a complaint of mine with the original, either. From a non-smartphone point of view, this phone may intimidate those who are not very tech-savvy. It took awhile for me to get used to the Rugbys after having a more "consumer-ized" phone. Initially I felt like Jethro Gibbs (NCIS fans).. "how does this damn thing work?" "Can't you reboot it?" LOL The front display powers off too quickly, but that is also true of the original Rugby. Now that my faith in Samsung has turned slightly for the better again, I'm getting a Samsung WEP570 bluetooth earpiece. I'll review that soon, too. Potential Rugby II users: It's not as super cool as other phones out there, but it'll 'git 'er done.' Just be prepared to be patient. It's NOT lightning fast.. Oh, and you still can't read or reply to texts when you're on a call, but you can send them. And that kind of defeats the purpose of texting.My son is hard on his phones, so we purchased a Samsung Ruby I for him, which lasted over two years. When that phone broke, we decided to try the newer Rugby II. After only two months, the phone would not charge. We bought a new battery and an external charger; still would not turn on. I called Samsung, but because he had a small crack in the outerscreen, the waranty was void. I was told that even though the cracked screen had nothing to do with the charging problem, the charging problem would not be covered under waranty and I would be responsilbe for all repairs, including the screen, and I wouldn't know the cost until I sent the phone to them. Instead I took the phone to a phone repair shop. They checked the phone and said the power supply was defective and it would cost more to fix than the phone is worth. It is extreemly annoying that a "Rugged" phone would quit after only two months and that the waranty is void because of a basically cosmetic issue with the outer screen. This phone was definatley a waste of time, energy and money for us and an example of poor customer service on the part of Samsung. He is now using a $20 Go-Phone from Wal-Mart with his ATT simm card and it has lasted much longer than the Samsung Rugby II.This phone has a big problem...You can't transfer files from your Windows 7 64 bit PC any other way other than by taking out the storage card and using a card reader!!! It does not work with Samsung's PC Studio software via USB. Get with it Samsung! If I knew that, I wouldn't have bought this phone, or the data cable which is useless. Samsung tech support first told me I had a bad data cable, then that I needed to re-load the software, then finally admitted it wasn't going to work. No more Samsungs for me. One other slightly annoying thing about the phone is that the charging port is covered by a flimsy rubber flap that is hard to take off, and doesn't look like it will last the test of time with constant use. I give it 2 stars because the call quality and reception seem fine.The Rugby II "replaced" my old (and very sturdy) Nokia. The ever-reliable Nokia had served me faithfully for 7 full years when ATT determined that it couldn't tolerate such superb service in its network. The planet's largest telecommunications company sent a note advising their non-support for excellence but offering a "free" upgrade at an ATT store. I went in. Now the story gets ugly. 1. The store employees urged against the several "free" phones, pointing out that they were unpopular models for which ATT was discontinuing sale. They were simply offloading what should have been landfill. 2. I asked, then, what would be a no-frills model that was as rugged as Old Nokia. They replied, "None," but did recommend the misnamed Rugby as the next best thing. The catch: since I was declining a "free" phone, I'd need to buy the "reliable" model. 3. In "upgrading" to a worse phone, ATT charged an additional upgrade fee, cut my minutes in half, and locked in a new 2 year contract. Because I was leaving on a business trip for the Middle East the next day, I sucked it up and bought the Rugby. The story gets uglier. 1. The phone seriously overheats after about 15 minutes of use. 2. The buttons and menu are aggressively counter-intuitive. 3. The voice quality is the the worst I have ever encountered. 4. The PTT feature has been located such that it cannot be avoided--and which brings additional charges when used. (But this can be disabled. Pry out the button, then clip the stem from its back. Replace. You'll be happy to have a less functional phone) If the young revolutionaries in Cairo had all had Rugbys last year, Mubarak could never have been toppledGreat basic phone. Love the metal attached clip as l keep a tether on my phone.i had rugby 1 and loved it too. HOWEVER, the battery cover on Rugby 2 is MUCH LESS RELIABLE than rugby 1. The half circle guide that the locking screw fits into on Rugby 1 has been reduced to two tiny corners on Rugby 2. THIS IS RIDICULOUS.I bought a plastic cover that i use just on the back of the phone to keep the battery cover from falling off. That is why i only gave phone 3 stars. After 18 mos of rugged use, my rugby 2 is starting to freeze up. I will gladly try the rugby 3 .If you are looking for a somewhat old-fashioned cell phone -- i.e., no touchscreen and no querty pad -- this may be the one for you; indeed, I am okay with it in all respects except one, but it's a biggie. Thus, there is a PTT key on the left-hand side of the phone that is extremely sensitive and almost unavoidable when you open or otherwise handle the phone. As a result, I've received the PTT initialization prompt about three dozen times during my first two days of ownership. If you WANT PTT, that might not be so bad; but I want neither to use nor to pay for the feature, so this is a problem I encounter virtually every time I use the phone. I used the Samsung web site to ask how I might go about disabling the feature and received a response revealing that Samsung doesn't know how to do it. They suggested that I get in touch with my service provider, which I will do eventually, but I am stunned that Samsung doesn't have a fix for this. I would not have purchased the phone if I had known about this problem. This is my first -- and likely my last -- product from Samsung, and I don't much like their web site either. I had a very simple query -- could I get a wired earphone or headset for this phone -- and it took a lot of work to find the right product.This is a good phone if all you want is a phone. The manual is not very useful and is confusing at times. Basic setup was easy and call quality is good. My complaints are: 1. I had a very difficult getting the back to stay on after I installed the sim card and battery. The instructions were wrong and the manual was wrong. Both said to turn the screw the wrong way!!! 2. I keep getting a pop-up asking if I want to pay extra for "City" caller ID. AT&T's answer for this was to reset the phone!!! 3. AT&T charged me a $36 one time fee for my "FREE" upgrade!!!This phone has taken everything I have thrown at it and more. For instance, once I accidentally left it powered on and inside my pants pocket while those pants were being machine washed. When I discovered the phone, after the wash machine was finished, the phone was still on. I did have to turn it off, take it apart, and let it dry overnight but it's still my phone today. This phone is the only phone to survive my abuse for over 2 years and running. I have noticed that recently it goes through cycles of annoyances: turning itself off or restarting in the middle of a conversion. But that's after all the mess that I have put it through. And date it still takes all daily the punishment I give it. After all my experiences with this phone, I almost don't understand why this phone is not rated 4.5 stars. Except, I am reminded that most people don't write reviews for things they enjoy; they just write reviews for things they have problems with. Please remember this when you are researching; also when you have good experiences with your purchases please share your review.ON The Ruby 11 i am very happy with it, like any thing made by man can go bad, The only thing is Vol was bad after a 30 days all it had to was take the battery out and reset and it was great, and know i just take the battery out know and then no reset.or reset if that does not do it. One thing i did get was a ear hands free very low in the home not bad, in the car no way! so i found out is i need the blue tooth to solve this. one thing even on my last phone i had for 4 years still works the hands free was very good but on the Rugby 11 you need that big blue tooth to have hands free more Vol i give this phone 4 and one half stars. One note i do not use the clip ON , i got a sl camera bag for the belt lop,for $7.00 dollars AT WALL MART as a one zip pocket to but in like free hands or items NO more phone on the car seat that was the only thing i really need to solve. Yes it can be drop i do not do that i really take care of it.WHEN I DID MY LAST POST i did get my micro SD Tm card i take a lot of photos when i am waking like flowers and etc i am a pro photography i would like to see they have a micro card or what it would take to get 6 pixes,I did get a 8 GB SD card should of got a 16 GB but can get one later, , if any one knows in the tech world that a cell phone well get to 6 mg pixes.or a some sort of a smart micro SD card thank you have a nice day take care. Michael MontanaThe biggest reason that I see people not liking on this phone is the PTT button and it's annoying inability to be deactivated or reassigned. Rather than glue it or clip the little nib that activates the PTT inside the button, what I did easy is and totally reversible: I pried the button out, smeared a little bit of RTV Silicone into the recess, replaced the button, wiped off the excess silicone and let it cure overnight. The button will no longer depress and activate the annoying PTT message, and if need be, I can simply reverse it by peeling the silicone out of the button recess. I used RTV Black Silicone gasket goop, but I am sure any silicone will do nicely. The RTV is nicely color matched and the excess wipes away easily.I advised my 75 year-old parents to get this phone when they started looking for a new cell phone. The rugged description sold them. Sure enough, it's been dropped, walked on and even glued shut with melted ice cream! With the ice cream debacle, I simply turned the phone off, put some water in the sink, swirled the phone around in the water til the ice cream came off(fully submerged), then took the phone apart and put it in a ziplock bag of rice overnight. Voila - phone worked great the next day. The big buttons are a plus and the volume is GREAT! The only thing that made dad a little crazy was constantly pushing the Push To Talk button. I walked him through how NOT to sign up for the service and he called AT&T to make sure he wasn't accidentally charged for anything. He simply has learned how to hold the phone so he doesn't push that button anymore. I love this phone so much, I'm getting one of my own. I am in the horse barn quite a bit and want a phone that will be okay if it gets dropped in a water trough or horse stall. The puppy has even had a go at this phone and it's been great. I have been a die-hard Sony Ericsson person for YEARS and I'm ready to convert!First of all, this is probably not the phone for a teenager; it just doesn't have the "cool" look most of them require. However, if you're an adult simply looking for a good phone with great volume and reception, this one would work for you. We also like to customize our ringtones and that works out fine. I can't speak for any of the other features since we really don't care about them. I have small hands and my husband's are larger and it feels fine for both of us. We've only had the phone for a few weeks, but so far it is just what we wanted. It was a challenge to find a reliable flip phone that doesn't require a data plan and we think we've succeeded with the Rugby II.i have bought two of them,first off iam a contractor home repairs,i bought the first one almost 2 yrs ago and has been beat around the jobsite,once i dropped it 2 and half stories off roof landed on the conc patio,just jared the sims card loose,after pushing it in it works as new, i have a daily habit of putting my ph between my legs as i drive and when i get out ,it never fails my phone bounces off the ground,it still worked good,one day my contract was up for renewal so i got a new one same kind,stashed the old beat up one away,lastweek i was at gas station and left my ph on top of pump and drove off,no one returned it.so i retrieved my old one had a new sims card installed,charged it up and BAM ! it still works,so yes it is very durable and takes a beating,For a while I was breaking and buying a new phone about once a year. It has been about 3 years with this same phone and I love it. As an owner of a landscape company, I need a phone in my pocket all the time. I often answer it with wet, muddy gloves without a problem. My phone takes a lot of abuse in my pocket. I'm always climbing trees, crawling in dirt, carrying boulders against my thigh and often working in the rain. I WANTED a smart phone, but I NEEDED a tough, trustworthy phone. This may not be a smart phone, but it is one of the most important tools my company has. A smart phone is worthless if it can't be in my pocket all the time. My customers and potential customers know they can always get a hold of me. Scott, owner of Living Space Landscapes MinnesotaI bought this phone through Amazon as an existing ATT customer. The Amazon website will verify this before selling you the phone, but it will not take you to the ATT website. As such, I thought the mailing information entered into Amazon was going to tell the ATT people where to mail the phone. The phone was mailed to the wrong address, and then ATT customer service told me there was no way I had bought the phone through Amazon (they didn't call me a liar, mind you, they just implied it). I was basically treated like I was a criminal for two days before things were sorted out. I'm canceling my ATT service and going with anyone else. I wish the phone had come through Amazon because their customer service has been outstanding in my dealings with them. ATT could certainly learn from them.Got this phone 5 months ago on a new contract for my son who was in Afghanistan. When he returned he decided he didn't like it so I kept it. The other day I got the phone out of my pocket and the display was messed up. Took it to an AT&T store who told me that it was a pressure crack which couldn't be repaired and wasn't covered by warranty. They acknowledged that there was no exterior damage but said that there was nothing they could do for me other than sell me a new phone. I don't subject electronics to harsh treatment, in fact the phone has been very gently handled and shows no exterior wear or tear. How can Samsung and AT&T advertise this as a rugged phone? I'm extremely disappointed that neither of them stand by this product or their customer service. BTW - The other reviewer comments about the placement of the PTT and browser buttons are so true. Accidental activation of these services are constantly inevitable with this phone.This is the best cell phone I have ever owned. I am a truck driver and depend on my cell phone for everything. In fact I don't even have a land line any longer. MY current Rugby is the 3rd I have had. Everytime my contract is up I get another one. It is rugged and can take a good drop and take getting wet. Now days with the new D.O.T. Regulations I always use a blue tooth and it still works just fine. If you need a flip phone that is good size and can take a beating this is for you.I bought this phone a few months ago as my other one that I had for two years broke when it fell 6 feet. I promptly called AT&T and spoke with a representative who recommended the Sumsung Rugby as one of the most "rugged" phones they have. I gladly purchased the phone for about $50.00 as I was looking forward to having a phone that was able to take some "wear and tear". For a couple of months this phone worked fine ... and yes, took some minor abuse in stride. And then, the other day I reached into my pocket for my car keys, and the phone fell out. The case broke apart where the phone flips on the right side ... and now some of the electronics are exposed. It fell about three feet onto the asphalt. I was told that it could take "punishment" up to a 30 foot fall. It makes me wonder a bit about the military specifications mentioned in the paperwork and various sites I've seen. If you buy this phone, I sincerely hope that you have better luck than I did!I have 2 phones, might sound crazy but I like talking on a flip phone,not the cheap ones and I like the productivity of the iphone. I don't really like talking on the iphone but the emails, gmail sync and text messaging is a must on the iphone. So for $10 more a month I get my extra line for talking on the samsung rugby and no need to worry about dropping it putting a screensaver on it getting a case. So nothing beats the old fashion flip for talking and the samsung rugby is the best.Invest in a better case for the phone you have now. One week and it broke in two.I do like the simplicity of the phone. Works well unless you get alot of sms messages and want to print them out. The samsung PC studio is a joke. You will only be able to read short text messages. The phone also saves all text messages to sim card. Fills up quickly. Also there is no way to send them to phone memory. And if the messages are more than a couple sentences then you cannot print them out. You will get a "message not supported Check it on your phone" message in the PC studio. I would not recommend this phone. Samsung phone support does not have a clue how to resolve this issue. I even went to the AT&T store and they could not help either.I'm still fairly new with this phone so I won't speak to it's long term durability as some other reviewers have but my first impression is SAMSUNG has made a fairly decent product that's been turned into a money shake-down device by AT&T. My father who is quite inept with technology and notoriously hard on his phones chose the Rugby as it seemed to offer simplicity and durability. It seems like it is so until you start endlessly having to decline adding services. He doesn't necessarily want Push To Talk but EVERY TIME he answers the Rugby his finger rests on the PTT button and he first has to decline adding that feature before he can answer. The only way to disable it is to physically damage the button so it will not activate. The large center button is of course a browser launch shortcut which he hit's all the time. Was there not a class action about data use entrapment? There should be another. There is a GPS button which is easy for a senior to hit that also launches a service he does not want and cannot be disabled. The menu is a further fleece attempt festooned with AT&T services he doesn't want or need. Were we not stuck with AT&T due to location this would certainly have been the final straw. I'm looking forward to Apple finally getting the iPhone somewhere else so AT&T's subscriber pen get's busted open and they finally have to stop shaking down customers for accidental service in order to retain them. It's gotten unacceptable. + Two stars for what I feel is good Samsung quality (should have been 4). - Eleventy stars for AT&T customer disdain.this is the best phone i have had ever it is amazing it works fast i have only had 1 trouble out of it and i fixed it quickly i love the ptt except for the beeps all the timeI have had this phone for almost two years. It's been dropped dozens of times and this past weekend it was dropped into a pool. It still works as good as it did on day one. However, if you're looking for features, this isn't the phone for you.I have a Samsung Rugby II for almost two years. It was working fine so far. Yesterday, I accidentally dropped the phone in water and it died immediately. This was the first mishap so the phones durability is definitely over-advertised.I bought this in Jan. 2010, because the dealer said it was AT&T's most durable phone. I never abused or dropped the phone. After just eight months the right side hinge broke off when I answered the phone. Samsung will not honor the warrenty and considers this abuse. Now the dealer wants me to buy another? This is a piece of junk. Do not buy this phone. You will be sorry.I was looking for a simple quality cell phone what I got was confusing setup instructions and very poor reception.Samsung advertises the a837 as 'Rugged Military Spec. 810F Certified. It is not! We bought two, one broke within month of ordinary use and Samsung will not stand behind their warranty. I suggest you find another phone.a piece of junk--u can hardly hear the other person talking--i bought 3 of these (garbage) so called rugged cell phones--what a mistake--dont buy these--ABSOLUTELY JUNKeverything my old one was. Couldn't be happier unless it was free.The cell phone is the same as my wife's phone.Somebody has to tell the Samsung people that this phone has serious problem connecting to PC's. I have spent more than 20 hours on the phone talking with several different Samsung technical people and they couldn't help me find any way to connect the Samsung SGH-A847 Rugby II to any type of PC. I have three computers, one an HP desktop with Windows 7 64 bit, the other an HP desktop with Windows Vista 32 bit, the third one a laptop with Windows Vista 32 bit. For hours on end I followed the detailed instructions of Samsung Support technicians and to no avail. The phone is detected by the computer (the computer makes a sound and there is for a moment a bar in the Samsung New PC Studio software), but that's it. I purchased and added a memory card to use the 'mass storage' function, hoping this will give me some kind of connectivity, but it didn't work either. Furthermore, and this is very unfortunate to the users, the Samsung "New PC Studio" software has not been licensed and approved by Microsoft and the software is labeled by all Windows computers as a dangerous program that will harm your computer when you are in the process of installing it. Of course this is not true, (Norton Antivirus says the program is safe) but right now the problem is that Windows computers are labeling the Samsung software as dangerous and harmful when it is not and probably affecting its functionality. The Samsung "New PC Studio" is the software that is supposed to let you communicate your phone with your computer. The program loads and works but will not 'sync' with the Samsung SGH-A847 phone or connect to it, no matter how hard you try or how many tricks you pursue. Every time you get the message that there are no devices connected. In today's world, an 'advanced' cellular phone that is not recognized by any computer and will not 'sync' or connect with the computer no matter what you try or do, is simply not acceptable. There are also no updates or upgrades to the phone software available yet. I have also called AT&T and they don't know anything at all about this problem or care at all about it. They believe is a Samsung problem and not their problem to resolve. It is a total shame, because apart from this serious problem, that is still unresolved by Samsung, the phone is an average phone that works.This phone feels and looks high quality. It is kind of big but not too heavy. Other flip phones I've handled feels like cheap toys in comparison. The call quality is great. Long battery life. Super loud speakerphone. Bluetooth works great, pairs well with my Bose BT-2 and Plantronics Voyager Legend. The too-easily-to-accidentally-press PTT button is really annoying like others have said. I fixed it by disassembly the phone to remove the button. I then put a thin piece of silicone tubing behind the button, making it much harder to inadvertently press, but still functional. The earphone volume seems too low initially, but now seems fine. I either have gotten use to it or it may be "broken-in". I'm using the phone with a leather Turtleback case for added protection and improved grip.So within a few months of owning the phone, it began to turn itself off CONSTANTLY. It didn't seem random...rather, it seemed to happen when the phone rang and I attempted to pick it up. Other times it would just shut off in my pocket. I became obsessed with checking the phone to ensure it was still on since I used the phone for my job, and like most working folks, my phone calls are super important. Honestly, this obsession started to ruin my life and I'm not even exagerating. I removed the memory card because I thought that might have something to do with it...nope. I cleaned the terminals making contact with the battery...nope. I reset the phone, thereby erasing all of my data and contact information...nope. I didn't swap out the battery because the phone wasn't that old. Eventually, one day, whilst hanging a ceiling fan in my house, the phone rang, which was remarkable given the aforementioned. This was a particularly tense moment of the installation - the moment when you've just finished mating the wires and are holding the motor in place while you screw it in to the ceiling-mounted anchor. As my thumb wedged between the keypad and the screen to flip it open, it turned off. I lost it. I threw the phone into the wall and it shattered into pieces. The phone is no longer a problem now. I started using my old Samsung Propel - which suffered severe water damage and worked nonetheless, btw - and am infinitely more pleased. I just purchased a new model propel on Amazon and am looking forward to delivery.I would give this cell 5 stars but, the speaker is TERRIBLE the Worse of the Worse , i have owned lots Clam or Flip phones this has so bad speakers it should pay you to take one , save yourself money & buy a cell you can Hear , this one is Useless . Rugby II SGH A847 .Bought this in January. It works in US, over Europe even in Japan. I do not understand the comments about poor reception, mine works really really well. Nice look and feel, solid well made and rugged. Very happy. Very hard to get any international info out of Samsung or AT&T but glad I bought it. Very very satisfied. I use this phone to make phone calls as I have a Blackberry and and Iphone for browsing, emails, music etc. It is also really nice it is a flip phone so it does not autodial in pants pocket nor switch itself on in flight. Only downer is PTT button which keeps asking me if I want to set up PTT. I wish I could disable it.What a terrible phone. I broke the exterior screen on the this phone after having it for 3 months. The phone was still clipped to my belt and had not even fallen. After a long argument with AT&T they finally agreed to replace it. After all this is supposed to be a tough phone.Got the replacement and approx 6 months latter the exterior screen again broke. At&T would not consider replacing the second phone and samsung could have cared less. The speaker quality is terrible as well as the microphone. I constantly have to yell into the phone so someone can hear me. Just crap.I've had this phone for over a year now and have to say, it's done quite well for me. It's not too technical with the features and has a front screen on the outside. Why I picked this out was because it's a flip phone. . . those who have had open faced phones know how they tend to dial unexpectedly! The phone's camera does quite well (standard quality though), although most do nowadays. One of my favorite features about this phone is the customization with the menu. It allows you to customize the shortcuts and also you get to pick out your four top menu options (ex. text, pics, video etc. . . you choose) My last camera was a motorolla razr and found that this is a much tougher phone with the look and feel. It's not the fanciest but it will do all you need for your phone needs (and you're not required to sign up on a service contract for internet etc.) The only features I would say this phone lags in is the speaker. It's not too bad but it can be somewhat blurry on phone conversations, almost like you are hearing someone talk through a pillow (but does not occur too frequently, not really an issue). The other is that there are some buttons somewhere that get pushed while the phone is in my pocket, the camera takes pictures and when you go through your picture folder you see a whole load of black pictures (from being in your pocket). But it is a great phone overall, it is solid enough for me, has a decent features and does very well for a phone that isn't a 'smart phone'.. . . my second Samsung Rugby II phone has been returned to the point of purchase. I had the first one for two days before the battery quit holding a charge for longer than a few hours. I would charge it all night, but by the next afternoon, the battery was running out of power. Now, this problem occurred even if I did not actually use the phone, and no applications were left running either. So I swapped that phone for a second one, and it lasted about 8 days before the same battery problem recurred. I phoned ATT customer service each time to document the problem and asked if there were any issues being tracked for these phones. The polite staff there told me that there were no issues, so I asked that my report be logged, and I asked for a replacement battery. ATT shipped the new replacement battery, and this one worked great. . . for about 8 days before the same battery problem recurred. So the phone ended up being plugged into its charger for many hours each day and night, but, when this phone is charging, you cannot receive incoming calls. Why Samsung did not consider that drawback a huge problem is puzzling, confounding, and unforgivable. Combine that issue with the irritating "push to talk" button which is nearly impossible to avoid, and the net result is a high frustration factor. I can understand now why these phone are supposedly rugged and shockproof. The urge to hurl the Rugby II against the closest hard surface can be hard to check. I managed to ditch this clunker just before my 30-day trial period ended. Let me say, it has been a trial, too. I guess many of you love your Rugby phones, and I am glad you had better experiences with yours than I did with either of the two I tried.After using the new Samsung Rugby II cell phone from AT&T for almost a year now, I am still struggling and still just as frustrated with it as I was when I first starting to use it. Although the physical features of the phone are very nice, there are too many technical inconveniences about the phone from the text messaging to the general usage of the phone that have caused me to literally hate it. When Alltel made the switch to AT&T after being bought out, I was forced to choose a new phone from a list of phones comparable to the current phone I had at the time. I really liked the current phone I had because it was simple and easy to use so I knew what to look for in a new phone, provided it had a rugged body, and a few new perks. After reviewing each of the phones and their features, there was only one phone that filled that description. I chose the Samsung Rugby II after reviewing all of its features and descriptions displayed on the AT&T website. I was not familiar with AT&T phones or the particular type of phone at the time, so I had to go out on a whim to assume it was as good as it sounded. The website explained all of the physical features that made the phone unique as well as a few technological features. The physical features the website displayed were the ruggedized body which could withstand shock, humidity, high temperatures, resist dirt, and repel rain. Some of the technological features displayed were Push-to-Talk (PTT) capability, which is like a walkie-talkie in your phone, and built in GPS. The physical features of the phone are true to what the website states. The body of the phone is heavy and thick; a rugged body that has stood up to a few crashes to the ground without problems. The battery cover has a twist lock on it that seals it tight to the phone to prevent water or humidity from seeping in, and good seals along the outside to resist dirt and rain. The physical features are all a plus, especially to someone who works construction or such job that a phone would benefit from those features. My problems came with the technology of the phone. My first problem was more with the company in the fact that the built in GPS and PTT capabilities were not included with the plan and would cost an extra $9.99/ month for each, putting almost twenty extra dollars on my bill each month. The website did not state that those features were add-ons or that they would cost extra. Not to mention, there are two buttons on the phone specifically for GPS and PTT features and if I hit one of them on accident, I could get charged. There are very little customizing features that allow me to change what buttons do what which makes it difficult to avoid pushing buttons that will take me to the internet and charge me. My second problem(s) were with calls and call waiting, receiving text and voicemails, and the phone turning off at random times. If the phone goes out of the service area, I have to turn the phone off and back on to make a phone call once back in the service area. If I receive a call waiting, the phone will not automatically switch back to original call once the call waiting has hung up; I have to manually do it, which has caused me to hang up on people by pushing the button too much. If receive a text message or voicemail while out of service, I will sometimes not receive them for as many as three days later for some unknown reason. At times, when I am on the phone connected to my Bluetooth, my phone will re-start itself while I am on the phone with someone, causing the call to be disconnected. One minor issue that caused a big problem was with the alarm. If the phone is on vibrate or silent, the alarm is too, so if I didn't want to be disturbed in the middle of the night by drunk-dialers or prank calls, I'd better had a back-up plan. I found that out when I received a phone call from work wondering if I was coming in or not as I was already an hour late. Most phones will turn themselves on if an alarm is set to go off and the phone is off. But my most hated part of this phone has to be the text messaging. With a new phone I expected the text messaging to be even better then it was when the T9 option came out. T9 is suppose to be faster because it is suppose to predict the text you are going to write. That is not the case; in fact, on this phone it is even worse than ever. This phone has to have more steps then the world trade center to write and send a text. It does not recognize frequently used words or phrases so I am constantly pushing more buttons to switch to the word I want then if I was just to do it manually. It does not show predictions for the word I am going to type and I have to delete an entire word just to change one letter. I also have to go through about six steps just to send the message. Basically, texting for me is slower then to just call the person I want to talk to. There is no reason for me to keep this phone and the physical features are not worth the frustration this phone has caused me. I consider myself to be pretty good at figuring new technologies out once I have had enough time to play around with them but, in this case I have had this phone for almost a year do not feel as though I should still be confused by it. In this day of technology, I would think we would be past this point. This phone seems to have been a step down from that and I hope AT&T will recognize that.i had a nokia phone for the last 5 years and it was still working great, however i traded cars and needed a phone with blue tooth, after trying several different phones i decied on this one. i just knew i would not find a phone i liked as well as my nokia . i was very pleasently surprised with my new samsung rugby, great reception, outstanding speaker phone (great volume) easy to use i would recomend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone to be a phone,,,i dont text, i dont download tunes etc, etc, etc.... however it has that capability if your in to that.I strongly do not recommend!!!! I dropped this phone approximately 2-1/2 feet (mid-thigh height) on a vinyl floor while walking through my kitchen. It landed on the hinge, broke to pieces and is NOT covered under warrantee. It's only warranteed for damage resulting from water! Otherwise, Samsung wants at least $70.36 (not including shipping, thank you) to repair it, possibly with used/reconditioned parts at their discretion, not yours.I am a contractor. I went through three phones in the first six months of 2010, including a Motorola flip, a LS Shine and a Samsung flip. I have now had this phone for three months without a problem. I carry it in a tool belt or in a leather pouch on my belt. It has taken more abuse than any of my other phones and continues to work great. I am sure I could break it if I wanted to, but it is by far the most durable phone I have had. Not a lot of features I don't need, and reliable performance. What more could I ask for?The Samsung Rugby is a convenient phone for those looking to avoid touch screen and data plans. It is simple and has the good-ol-fashioned 9 key pad. It is definitely very durable aside from its front screen breaking. I also broke the camera lens on mine but I treat it pretty rough. Over all, a good phone but hoping to get a more durable phone soon.This phone is a great option for someone not wanting a phone requiring a data plan. It has a very nice weight to it, feels solid when closing it and seems well built. The speakerphone is nice and loud. It would be nice if the push to talk button could be disabled; it's easy to hit by accident. Considering the very limited selection of basic phones, I would say great job Samsung!I got this phone late 2010. So far it has been durable, easy to use, and has really good call quality. I'm not into the fancy phones, and I like the standard flip phones. I use this phone every day and haven't had any problems whatsoever. Because I was blessed with balance and coordination, I don't drop my phone. But I'm sure if I dropped it, it would hold up. I read reviews on here about it breaking after being dropped...well, are they counting all the other times they dropped their phone? Products can only take so much abuse, and if it breaks after a series of minor damages, it's not a crap phone! It's made to call people, not to get dropped on concrete.If you see any poor ratings for this phone on the internet, it is not because of the phone itself. It is because of the poor tower coverage from the carrier (AT&T) which will not allow this or other of their phones to perform properly. I purchased this phone at one of their wireless stores and could not get a signal a mile and a half away from the store at my home. Neither could a relative at my home, on the same network with an Apple iphone. If it were not for the carrier I am sure I would give this phone a good rating. Make sure you can get a signal at your residence before buying anything from AT&T.This phone is rugged, but the screen is hard to read in daylight, and the voice quality is less than average. I tried one out for a week and returned it! My 6 year old Samsung flip has a brighter screen and clearer voice.I like the phone but the location of the PTT button is bad. It is too easy to accidently push it when you are holding it. I solved this problem by using some super glue and gluing the button so it could not be used. I have not intention of ever using PTT anyway. Other wise I like the phone.1. Can't hear it ring (even with volume all the way up and the phone in my pocket). 2. Can't hear the other person talking (even with volume all the way up). 3. Notification of Voice Mails often several days later. 4. Horrible reception. 5. Dropped Calls 6. PTT talk button in bad location, hit it every time. Hands down the worst phone I have ever owned.We liked this phone for a couple of days. However, after a few days I can not hear and understand the caller without putting it on speaker phone. Also it has begun to drop calls. Took it in, the tech put a new updated sim card it in. Helped but still have a problem. Oh how I'd like to have a Razor phone!!! This is not a good phone to carry on business.To send a text, here are the steps required by a Samsung Rugby II phone AND by a Samsung Rugby II refurbished replacement phone. To text: 1. Select "Menu" icon 2. Select "Messaging" icon 3. Click on "Create Message" 4. Compose your text. 5. Click on "Send to" button 6: Click on empty space next to "TO" on the Recipient List page. 7: Select from among Recent Contacts, Contacts, or Group 8. Returning to the Recipient List page,HIT THE SEND BUTTON IMPORTANT NOTE: these first eight steps are required even on a phone that works properly. BUT, if it doesn't work properly, continue here: 9. The text is not sent; the page slides back to the home page 10. Click on the "Menu" icon 11. Click on the "Messaging" icon 12. Scroll down to choice no. 3, "Outbox" and click on it 13. Find your text in the outbox and select it 14. Your text will reappear; click on "Options" in the lower left-hand corner 15. Select "re-send." VOILA! Your text is on its way! Has anyone else had this problem?We had the phone approx. 45 days and the screen cracked. Our carrier would not exchange and we could not find a local place to fix it. Still works with the crack. You can see the numbers and incoming calls. Update: Dec. 2012 I needed a new phone after 2 yrs of using the one with the crack (still works) so I got the same model (I do like the phone) and they have improved it slightly. You can actually drop this phone in water and it will work. The new phone has better volume. I got a case for the phone which protects the screen. So far so good.No battery. Read the description. Never implied the battery would not be present.jthis radio is working OK, but IDEN technology is taking to its end. I will use it for several months and resale itPHONE CAME VERY CLEAN!!! FOR WHAT I PAID FOR THIS PHONE I WOULD OF PAID DOUBLE!!! THE ONLY THING MISSING WAS THE ORIGINAL BOX AND INSTRUCTIONS IF NOT I SWEAR THIS PHONE JUST CAME OUT OF THE BOX NEW!! THANK SO MUCH!!!love this flip phone. unfortunately , Verizon will not activate old 3G phones anymoreI purchased this phone as an emergency backup for my sister after re-wiring her primary phone that was providing inconsistent service. The reception was extremely good, especially considering that she lives in rural West Virginia. The phone has a very user friendly menu system with readable fonts on a color display. Unfortunately, so far I have only been able to test the phone while talking with Verizon "marketeers". After opening the Gusto I was greeted by a very convenient message to activate the phone. I clicked the activate option and was put on hold for a very reasonable period of time while being entertained by Spanish guitar music. The marketing rep answered. To my amazement the rep informed me that I had won a $500 gift and that all I needed to do was pay $14.95 to have it shipped to my door. I reported that I was not interested in the gift but the marketer was persistent. I finally hung up without activation. The next day I tried again and dialed *611. The support person gave me a toll free number where I could pursue activation. I dialed the number and once again was greeted by a marketer who explained that I had won $500. After asking how his company could survive by giving away so many $500 gifts for $20 phone purchases the marketer told me I could bypass his office and attain activation by dialing the number again an pressing "option 3". After I hung up I was unable to locate "option 3", so here I sit with a phone hosted by a company that obviously makes it immmensely difficult to activate without accepting a $500 gift. If you buy this phone from Verizon be advised that you will need to negotiate an aggressive marketing gauntlet if you don't want to take the offer.This is really a good, sturdy, basic flip phone. Sound quality is great, it's easy to use, and the camera takes ok pics. I love the large display, no need for a magnifying glass to see the time/date or who's calling! The reason for only a three star rating? I feel that Samsung comes way too close to false advertising stating that this phone is "blue tooth capable". Sure you can use a blue tooth with it, they just don't mention anywhere (phone info. at store or owner's manual) that only two brands on the planet will work with it (Jawbone and Bose) and these start at $130! That's more then I paid for the phone! So I bought a basic (and cheap) Samsung phone and if I want a blue tooth I will need to fork over $130-$200? Um, no! Because I'm stuck with this Samsung until my phone is up for renewal, I'm now back to a headset (which again only a few will work with this phone). I guess I should be thankful the headset is only $20. Samsung, you let me down!My alarm has failed at least three times on this phone. It's a known problem, if you believe all the threads you can easily find online. If you set the alarm, double-and-triple-check your settings, turn your ringer all the way up - none of it will help. There is some glitch in the software causing the alarm to simply not go off. It has caused me to be late to work twice, and I don't trust a "soft reset" or any of the other proposed solutions I've found on Google since the problem is only intermittent. Also, the camera is essentially useless.I don't know if it's the phone carrier (Verizon) or this phone, but it is notorious for not sending and receiving texts. I've had several times where different friends will say they didn't get a text. Often the only way I find out is because they will later ask me a question when I already texted them the answer. Similarly I've had friends ask why I didn't text them back, when I never received it. On the phone itself, it's a basic no thrills package. You can't zoom in on pictures. The phone itself is fairly rugged, it's survived some pretty disastrous falls on my part & I like the size. Simply put, I'm about to upgrade phones though.We just got this phone from signing up for a Verizon contract for 2 years. I have big fingers and have gotten sick of the Blackberry 8100 I had from T-Mobile with its tiny keys that I often misdial, so this one was appealing with its large keys. We didn't get the internet or texting with it, because it's for our home business, so we just wanted phone functionality. So we get it home and try to install the software so we can transfer ringtones and photos to and from it, but the Verizon software wont install, and says it wont work on our 64 bit PC running Win 7! What the heck?! We're thinking of taking it back now! Come ON! Who makes software that wont at LEAST run in 32 bit mode on a 64 bit PC?!I have had this phone for a month. The reception is not nearly as good as my old phone. The phone won't stop charging on it's own. Verizon is replacing the phone, wished I had seen these reviews before I selected this phone.I got this phone recently and it has stopped charging. I tried 2 other good batteries, no luck. The Samsung website contains no useful information. Not worth the $9.99 I spent.I have had this phone for a few weeks. I had to upgrade because my previous phone broke. I had no reception issues in my area before and now I lose calls left and right. This phone has extremely poor reception. I also think the buttons on the side are poorly placed as I frequently hit the speaker phone button during a conversation when I don't mean too just by holding it. I am taking this back as I really need reliable reception.I'm on my second Samsung Gusto (SCHU360A) cell phone and am not having any luck with getting the Alarm feature to work properly. Setting it a few minutes from the current time seems to work, but setting the alarm for the next morning 'ONCE' doesn't work most of the time, or even setting it more than 1 hour from the current time. No-one at the Verizon store in Phoenix, AZ has a clue why it wouldn't work. Works fine when they test it at the store, because it's just a few minutes from the current time. Don't depend on this phone to wake you up or remind you to test your blood glucose.My old Motorola 120e bar phone was wearing out (literally) after 8 years...I couldn't even see the numbers on the buttons any more. Oh, it still functioned as a phone just fine, but I had to keep a standby battery charged up to swap out, the radio feature never seemed to work well with their idiotic connection system, and most importantly my friends were posting photos on Facebook that they took with their cel telephones, without having to lug around a camera, and I wanted to get in on that. So, after looking at several phones at the Verizon store, I decided on the Samsung Gusto. What a mistake. For one, the tech at the store was unable to simply copy my old phone book from the old phone to the new one. I had to manually enter every single name and number from my list. Hundreds of contacts. For another, the camera "feature" in this phone is useless. Oh, it snaps the pictures just fine, and there are even a reasonable number of creative options available for the adequate 640x480 images. The problem is they are impossible to download off of the camera to view, edit or post. You can supposedly send them from the phone to a website to view them. But after spending over an hour setting up the account and website, I found that it just doesn't work. The obvious method, which would be to connect the phone to the USB port on your computer-won't work either. Evidently this is because this goofy knick-knack has some sort of cheesy proprietary software that is INCOMPATIBLE WITH EVERYTHING ELSE, which also explains why the phone book was untransferable. The salesman at the Verizon store didn't even know this, and Samsung doesn't point this out, either. You can look at the pictures on the phone's screen. That's it. So, don't waste your money expecting this to be anything more than a telephone. It works just fine as a telephone-but that's it.The simplest cell phone in the world would have thrilled me as I've never had one. I got it free and I won't use it. "Free" has cost me several bucks and hours of wasted time. Can't connect, can't hold a charge. After reading reviews here and elsewhere, I wonder, what the heck is wrong with it that I can't even detect? ----------------------- Even if I somehow got it to work, I have connection problems, battery issues. Others talk about the need for expensive headsets, and sometimes that headset port doesn't even work. I've heard many complain that it shuts off on its own, that reception is poor, sound quality is poor, on and on. ---------------------------------------------- If this device had been able to place a simple call, I would have been VERY happy. I doubt the thing will ever work right, and even if I could make calls, the reviews lead me to believe that the odds are quite high that I would encounter many frustrating problems. --------------------------------- No thank you, Samsung. Yours is a name I'll avoid in the future. Thanks for the frustration and extreme waste of time.Like other reviewers, I have found sound quality lacking but since is Verizon's entry-level phone, not to be expected. However, the recent CONSUMER REPORTS reported poor sound quality on most phones, including smartphones. I have a chronic technical glitch with this phone. An alert keeps going off for a calendar reminder that is passed and I can't delete it because it is not even listed! A call to tech support at Samsung did not solve the problem. So I have a phone going off every ten minutes. Not good.My last Verizon phone was a Motorola - problems from day one!! When it was time for a new phone I called Verizon. The person who assisted me listened to my sad stories and suggested the Samsung Gusto as a replacement. It is indeed "vanilla" but that is okay as I don't text, take pictures, email, etc. I am fairly happy with the phone but have had problems with garbled speech. I called for help and it is better but not great. I find myself having to concentrate when listening to someone on the other end to be sure I understand. Have to ask them to repeat often. One really good feature is that it holds a charge for several days. My old phone had to be charged every night.we got 2, and both were so bad we simply dumped them, one I replaced with an older, LG phone I kept, the other my daughter go rid of, when using a free upgrade her mom was eligible for. Terrible, unpredictable product. Of the 10 or so cell phone we've experienced -- this is by far the dumbest.I just got this phone from Verizon last week. After going back to the store and working with tech help online, we have determined the the ALARMS will not go off on the hour. They will function at 3 min past an hour. Weird. I miss my old slimmer Samsung.I purchased this phone for Net 10 over a year ago for my 12 year old. About 4 months ago, my son was playing around and his phone "flew" out the window of a moving bus. We went back and recovered the phone from the side of the road. The battery was about 20 feet away and the cover was in the opposite direction. To my amazement, we put the phone back together and the phone worked immediately, only had some minor cosmetic damage. Last night we had a terrible storm and the phone was plugged in and charging. A transformer blew outside and a power surge rushed through my house. The phone started smoking and the back cover melted. The inside is scortched and smells like an electrical fire. To my amazement, after the phone cooled off and stopped smoking, we attempted to turn it on. The phone turned on and worked beautifully!!! I think this phone is indestructible! I am ordering a new one for my son. Gave him the choice of this stripped down phone or a fancier one. He wants this one because it can't be broken. No complaints!!!!I chose to purchase another T201G by Samsung because I found this device offered a condiserable long life. I had the first one about 3 years and it proved to be reliable. I must've dropped if over 60 plus times. It was all banged up but it still was useful. I also ordered the T201G for sentimental reasons, convienence/size and the ability to hear it when it rings while I am sleeping. Additionally the carrier offers 750 minutes for only $25.00. Great offer. I would highly recommend this phone.good ph but wouldnt work in mt so check with carrier to make sure before orderin . However if you goof like i did net 10 will fix it by sending a new one with mailer for you to mail it back to them just delays activationExactly what I thought it would be.Arrived in a timely fashion.I would not recommend any Net 10 phone if you think that you will ever need any type of customer service (eg activate phone, transfer phone number, buy minutes). I have spent over 2 weeks on the phone every day with Net 10. They have sent me 4 sim cards because every person I speak to inputs the incorrect info into their system. I feel like I am speaking to high-school drop-outs who weren't able to get a job and hence are working as "managers" at Net 10. If you doubt this, do some internet searching for Net 10 customer service. If you think you are getting a bargain for a cheap phone or phone plan, it's because you are purchasing something that has zero future value.I love the features of this phone,but i need a CDMA phone where I live,and this is not.Other than that, the phone is great.I needed a phone to make and receive phone calls. I have had touch screen phone and cannot get used to interacting with the screen. I find it awkward to pick up voice mail and bring up speaker and keypad. I like this phone simply because it is essentially free, has reliable connections, small and I can dial number, pick up voice mail blind (without looking at the phone). I also think it is more practical closing the clam shell and stuffing it your pants pocket rather than finding a safe place to "leave" your phone.This phone is so easy to use. No problems getting bars so you can use it. Easy to open,dial and use. I had this phone before. It went thru my washing machine.Couldn't use anymore. I Got another samsung net 10 phone but was not happy with it. Started looking for another of this T201G samsung phone, found on Amazon, ordered and I am very pleased with it. Thank you so muchIt's goodI got the phone to use with Net10, but the calls aren't that clear. I have had the caller tell me that my voice is breaking up and makes it hard to be understood. It's a cheap phone for sure.The Samsung T201G arrived quickly,was well packaged for shipping,was as described,and well made.I charged it up and started using it.It's for my dad,and he wanted a phone without all the extras.He wants it only for calling my mom when he's gone hunting or an emergency. It gets great reception,full bars almost everywhere.I would recommend this stylish little phone to anyone.It's just what was advertised and works well, so far, considering it doesn't have all the fancy bells and whistles.If you want a really good prepaid phone, this is it! Best buy for the money. I do recommend it...My order was lost.Check it out yo! This is only fifteen dollars a month on the cheep plan. Went to wallyworld online to get the card, no problems with setting it up and phone is decent too, the battery door comes off easy if you bump it just right though...But overall was a good buy..and cheepI bought this refurbished cell phone directly from Net10 online as part of a package deal. It was basically free with the purchase of a 30 day/750 minute phone card. I also got the universal accessories kit free. I have used this phone for a month. Last week I dropped it on a hard floor. After putting the battery and cover back on it the phone has shown no damage or problems. It appears to be durable and still works very well. Three things make an impression on me. 1) This phone is small. Not clunky. 2) Signal reception is great. No dropped calls yet! 3) The quality. I expected that a free phone in this price range would be loose or cheaply built. This phone is much better than that. The other surprise was the universal accessory kit which usually goes for around $15. It came free with a promotion code that I used during the purchase. The phone pouch is durable and the attachments are quality items. Everything works including the car charger. If you read the fine print on the Net10 website they normally send the phones with a battery and a home/wall charger. Net10 service is dependable and the phone cards can cost as little as 3 cents/minute up to the 10 cents/minute standard cards available in stores. I did call Net10 customer support to verify my order and out of curiosity about their service. What I found was that the initial response wasn't very good but I was passed off to another service tech who answered my questions quickly. This may be an instance where it depends on the particular tech that answers your call. But I did get an efficient human response to my call. Reloading minutes is easy and hassle-free also. Based on my experience so far I plan on staying with Net10. I would definitely buy this phone again.I have used this Samsung T201G for nearly two years now, with the Net10 service agreement. This is an excellent simple phone for part time usage. I have a landline phone at home so the T201G is used for emergency use, away from home use, etc. I purchase only 200 mins per month with a plan that cost about 7.5 cents per minute. With tax, about $16.70 per month for the 200 minutes and service. Any leftover minutes roll over each month and are never lost as long as you keep the service. This phone and the Net10 service have been excellent in my opinion. Talk time is around 4 hours and standby time is almost 2 weeks before charging is needed. I even purchased a spare battery for when we travel and alternate batteries every couple months. I love it when my wife goes shopping in town and can keep in touch for such a low monthly cost. If you only need a phone part time for emergency, travel, etc., this is a great bargain. Highly recommend.I am shocked to read the one star reviews about Net10! I have been using Net10 service just over 6 years now. Yes, you've read it right, 6 years! I came from AT&T. I got tired of being on a plan, so I went from a package with AT&T to a pay-as-you-go with AT&T. When rates started inching up and my bill cost more, it was time for me to switch. I stumbled upon Net10. They had flip phones, carry over minutes and cost effective pay-as-you-go. I ordered the phone plus accessories. It arrived quickly! Set-up was prompt when I called in and I have that phone, Motorola V171, to this day. I am currently looking to change, as my family puts it, "catch up with 2008, at least" so I am getting a phone that will accept photo texts, so that my sisters can send me photos of my nieces. Now to inform you why I scored them a 4 instead of a 5. - The customer service is not what is was when I first signed up with them. When I do call in for a question it takes FOREVER to get someone and then once I do, we have a language barrier, so BE PATIENT. - I hate that they got rid of their 1 year pre-paid card 1500 minutes for $150 or $100 (I can't remember which one Now there is a $100 card for 1000 minutes lasting 9 months, I believe. Other than that, if you are in to fancy phones and you're a HEAVY phone user, Net10 may not be for you. They have 2 pay plans $15(150 minutes) and $25 per month(250 minutes)none are roll over. Then there is the pay-as-you-go (with roll over minutes). They don't carry iphones and their phones are approx. 2 years behind the lastest and greatest. I would recommend Net10 for all others who want a cell phone for practical purposes and could care less about the fanciness of a phone. I hope this helps.We now have three of these phones! Previously, I had bought an LG and the sound quality was not nearly as good and I kept getting dropped calls. This Samsung T201G is the best one we've ever used. Plus, you can go to Walmart,com or to the Target store and get 750 minutes for $25. A great deal, although the minutes don't carry over.In the past two months I've bought two net10 phones. The cheap one I bought for my wife is great. Good service, easily changed to my old number and easy activation. After using it for several weeks I bought one for myself. While I was activating it I misread the the instructions and activitated it with a new number. When I tried to change the phone to my old number I recieved a notice that the SIM card needed to be changed and that they would send a new one..............that was over a month and several tech center calls ago. Today they said that there was no SIM card being sent and asked for the number that I wanted to change to. My opion is that these service providers are good if you don't need to deal with the company. Be very careful when you activate because if you have to deal with the company you will probably be disappointed!If you use a new phone net10 will change your 411 service. At that point you will get advertisements when you dial 411. Net10 denies any knowledge or responsibility for this. Careful, they tend to place the blame on others...but they will not tell you who the 411 service provider is. They want to give you the run-around. Net10 is evil!My friend has owned multiple net10 phones and each piece of hardware has physically died within a couple months. Also, it takes him about a week on average to add airtime. I'm not sure why it's so difficult to work with Net10 but if it were me I'd use T-mobile or another pre paid provider. Just my 2 cents.I love this phone. I believe this was the first of the Convoys and is the heaviest and most rugged in my opinion. I purchased the Convoy model that followed, from Verizon, only because I accidentally ran over my first phone and the original was no longer available. The latter was much lighter and didn't handle being dropped as well. The back plate kept popping off. My husband still has his original Convoy with the original battery, model SCH-U640, that we purchased 11 years ago. 'still works great. If you don't need all of the bells and whistles of a smartphone this phone is worth keeping.Order two of these phones. I've used this model phone for a couple years now and I like the phones. Phones arrived within estimated delivery time or sooner and physically good condition as described. However, I have ordered used phones many times in the past and NEVER before did I get a used phone with PERSONAL INFORMATION from the prior owner still on the phone. Over 200 contacts, personal pictures, text messages, and call history. BOTH of these two phones had this. One of the phones is secured and I cannot remove the old contact data. I'm afraid to use use it because I don't want my backup assistant updating all those prior contacts leaving me with hours of time cleaning it up - provided the prior contacts can be cleaned off the phone. Based on this experience I would recommend caution when purchasing phones from this vendor.I got this phone shipped to Hawaii. It shipped from South Carolina, and arrived in less than 3 days! The phone was $27 with $5 dollar shipping. More than 4500 miles in that short of time. The phone itself was better than I expected it to be. Came with phone, charger, and battery. Practical, tough, and great battery life. Nice, large buttons that light up. I switched from an iPhone. I use this phone for calling and text messaging, and use the iPhone for music, apps, and internet when connected to WiFi. I save $20 a month and have a more practical phone that can last a week without being charged. I suggest buying from "Quality Used Phones" if you want some fast shipping. You get exactly what it says you get. Would buy again!The phone was advertised as compatible with Verizon our carrier. It was NOT compatible. We took it to the Verizon store and they informed us that they couldn't do anything with it. They suggested a number to call in order to activate and that didn't work either. I e-mau=iled the seller and they didn't respond. although I waited a week. We returned the phone t Amazon today.Durable, well built flip phone with great reception and sound quality. I got this as a replacement for the flip phone my wife got from Verizon a year ago and it's a lot better. Also, I acivated it while talking to a verizon rep on the phone I about 5 minutes. Piece of cake!I bought this as a temporary replacement for a broken smart phone to use on Verizon's network with Pageplus cellular. It is just OK, not great. Pretty easy to use; relatively durable but not rugged as advertised. Be aware that it will only work for calling and texting on Pageplus. Any data function will not work. It does not get great reception, one less bar than my smart phone (Motorola) in most situations.I recently had a Convoy phone stolen and when i went looking for a replacement phone, I still chose the Convoy. Its simple, functional, and i have to admit, does more things than i'll ever use. But its nice to know those bells and whistles are there if i decide to use them in the future. Its not a "smart" phone, buts its the best flip phone ive ever owned.AS good as ever!!! I wanted a REALLY good CELL phone and this model is it... I've already dropped it 3 times and the phone didn't even flinch.. It's the perfect size for a shirt pocket and you don't even know it's in your pants.. These may not be attributes that many people care about but I do, and on top of that the speed dial works like a champ as it's easy to set up and use..This phone is indeed rugged and Verizon permits a "data block" to be applied by calling customer service. Now my son uses it for talk and text only and I don't have to worry about the bill being sky high. Also, the battery charge time is outstanding.This was used as a replacement. It can only be done if you have an existing account for this phone and if you contact Verizon directly.... not a third party Verizon store.Good phone I just pray that it lasts because it is usedGreat productIf you like flip phones, this is the phone for you! Easy to use and compact!Worked great with Verizon. Quick shipping. Came with a charger. Some people just want a simple flip phone.Was looking for a phone, not a computer. I love this phone. Bought used however had all previous owners contacts still on it. Was sold as perfect, not necessarily perfect cosmetically but works great. Would recommend seller and phone.Great value for a tough little phone. Perfect for when you just need to take a phone, not a smartphone (camping, hiking, etc...).My dad is still using this phone today with no issues.The fast shipping is always great. However, the phone was not compatible with the Verizon carrier.The phone came and it works great. I needed a heavy duty phone for my husband and so far it is holding up. I didn't want to buy a brand new phone for him so this refurbished used one works perfect! It was not a problem having verizon program it to our account either. They actually told me I could have done it at home.goodProduct recieved with wrong charger. And also with further inspection notice that it has been wet at some point and time as you can see the water strips are red.Phone came with wrong wall charger, battery won't fully charge. Issues with screen failure. Do yourself a favor and don't buy from this seller.It did not come with charger and before I bought it.it said it came with phone and charger I'm very disappointedAll I need for callsHolds a battery for days, clear calling, no bells and whistles. Great alternative if you are sick of your smartphone eating away at your life. Also, a great conversation piece.It's a good phone but I like the Samsung Convoy 2 much betterEverything was great but it came with the wrong charging cable.worked great as a replacement for my mom's phone, quick and easy to set up with out having to go to Verizon.Delivered on time and phone very clear.VERIZON WOULDNOT LET ME USE THIS MODEL!Perfect little phone, but to the seller, it was not wiped. Lots of text's, contacts, pictures & contacts on there, just fyiFast shipping and phone is just as described; a couple of scratches, but overall great conditionI had to reset to factory settings, all other person's contacts and info was on the phonegood phone. The price is a little high for a vintage phone. It does work well. Camera not too good and texting is very slow. Sound on phone is good and holds charge really well.Quick shipping used Product works great no issuesLove this phoneit worksHubby loves his new phone.Great Product. Good Quality tooPhone works great, really quick shipping!Item was as described. Shipped in an appropriate amount of time and I would buy other products from them. The phone and battery were in new shape and I've been very pleased with the phone.works greatas advertised, said good to very good, yes it was that, very happy!Practically brand new like the ad said. Received promptly.Sucks! Didn't tell in advertising that it's refurbished and Verizon could not use it!! Waste of money all it is is a paperweight ! Do not buy from this company.. Not honest !!Don't order from this place. The phone was broken and the charger didn't work.Let's just say you get what you pay for. I also run a small business for the past 20 yrs. I purchased a phone and upon receiving it I noticed the charging port cap was broken off. I believe this would allow dirt and moisture in. The phone also had all the personal family photos of the gentlemen who previously owned the phone still on it ! Well, I received a call from the owner of the company apologizing. He said that he would replace the phone for free and all I had to do was send back the 1st one. He stated he did not want to discipline any employees as he did not want to hurt their feelings , and that he was just trying to earn a buck. WHAT? I received the new phone , and noticed the back of the phone where the battery sits had dirt and sand in it. I received an email from him stating that ,it was funny that I received 2 phones like that. I offered to send photos of the phone to him. He said to keep both phones. My response to him was that I did not think he would be in business very long.After researching cell phones for reception, this came out ahead in reviews, and I now know why...this phone never drops a call and I can hear everyone so much better.Great product, good ship time.Really durableJust as stated and arrived quickly #Just as advertisedThis was the most difficult on line purchase I ever made. Not sure I would be quick to do it again.View screen is scratched.It was exactly what it was a little late but goodGreat phone!Fast service. This was a refurbished phone. No complaints about the phone, but the charger doesn't work. I had others from my old phone, so no big deal for me.fast service. product is as stated.I love this phone. I am on my third one, all purchased as used or refurbished. I've tried the smart phones, Android, iPhone, and I always come back to this. It truly is rugged and I am very hard on phones. The Convoy I use now was left out in the rain in a puddle for a week before I rescued it and, after an hour or two on the charger, it immediately powered up. If you want a phone that is resistant to being dropped on concrete or into a pan of hot dishwater (done both), you'll love the Convoy. Old-fashioned...yes...my kids make fun of me for carrying it, but I was getting tired of constantly buying new phones. I will continue to use the Samsung Convoy until I am forced to switch to a "smarter" cell phone with a pricey data plan (which I have no doubt will eventually happen) but the batteries for this cell phone are cheap and stay charged for a week. Show me a smart phone that can do that.Good phone, good condition but the micro usb (which is one of the main reasons I bought this) port is broken, won't read the card which is unfortunate. But for other functionalities it works wellhard for old man to usewife loves itPurchased used from NuTwo on Amazon. It was rated as in "very good" condition. I would rate it as in excellent condition. The packaging was professional / good quality. The phone arrived ahead of schedule. Highly recommend seller. Now to the phone itself: *Speech / Sound: Very clear sound quality, even the speakerphone mode is very clear with minimum distortion when volume @ max Contacts on other end of phone conversation have indicated they can hear me very clearly w/ good tone & no distortion. Has option to answer call & talk w/ flip closed. (I really like this option) *Screens / Keypad Inside and outside screens are large enough to read (I'm over 50 and have slightly degraded vision). Font adjustment is adequate. Screens are clear and bright. The phone feels and appears sturdy (not water proof / resistant). The flip screen is easy to open / close. The inside keys are large enough so someone with larger hands won't push extra keys by mistake and someone with less than perfect vision can see them clear enough. The keys have a very good / responsive feel. The software menus are adequately easy to navigate and customize. Camera / MicroSD / USB / Bluetooth: The 2.0Mp camera is good. The camcorder function works well. The only drawback is no flash or light assist. The U660 model has the flash / flashlight. The good news is it's Micro SD slot. I inserted a 16GB Sandisk MicroSD and it worked flawlessly for both pics and camcorder. You are given option to save photos / video to limited internal memory then xfer to SD, or you can set option in phone to automatically save to SD. I have a USB data cable on order and have not tried moving data to PC via USB. I'm hoping xferring contacts will be as easy as the SD setup. There are external keys for taking pics / video without opening phone. This phone is also capable of voice command. I played with it briefly and seems to work o.k. but haven't really been into it yet. The phone has Blue Tooth capability and I do plan on ordering a wireless / hands free headset, I just haven't landed on one yet. **Speakerphone is good for voice, but if you're going to play tunes you might want to consider decent headphones or play on other audio device. I plugged in mid-grade headphones and tunes sounded good. Internet: This phone is 3G. Aside from that I can't say much other than it appears to work well. I really don't browse the net on phone, I use PC for that. Carrier compatibility: The phone I purchased is a Verizon / contract (not pre-paid) / CDMA / no simm card / clear ESN. **This phone IS compatible with Calif. Lifeline through ReachOut (Nexus owns ReachOut / Verizon owns Nexus) Cons: *No Cam light (U660 has light) *Vibrate mode a little wimpy, could be slightly stronger Conclusions: Great phone for us "throw back" flip phone users who aren't ready for a smart phone yet. This phone has more capability than I will ever use. I have only scratched the surface of the software options.This purchase has been an outstanding experience. This is the same model phone that Consumer Reports rated a best buy at the time I bought it the first time 10 years ago or more. Customer reviews of subsequent models have said that this one is the best. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a rugged phone with great voice quality and a lit keypad with keys big enough for my big hands. By rugged I mean that I dropped my first one on the floor a number of times over the years without breaking it. I got Verizon on the phone and made sure my contacts were backed up and then activated the phone. Easy! As for TargetWireless, I started by asking them a question. I had an answer back within two hours. I ordered the phone. They shipped it the same day. It arrived earlier than promised, looking new in a small white box with places for the phone and charger, both in little plastic bags. It even has clear thin protective covers on the displays! It seems every bit as good as the one I bought new years ago. Thank you!Samsung Convoy SCH-U640 Cell Phone Ruggedized PTT 2+ megapixel Camera for VerizonI'm please. It is nearly the same as my last flip phone. Looks a little tougher, the battery lasts a LOOOOOOONG time. It won't start my car, scramble my eggs or settle an argument with my wife, but it does the job it was intended to do. It ain't a smart phone, but I ain't a very smart guy. I'd recommend it to another fossil like myself.I bought 10 phones from them. 3 however did not work and even after I fully charged they didnt go past the start up screen. I contacted the seller and they totally denied that the phones are in unusable condition.I ordered 2 for my dad and both were broken on arrival. Wires were having out of charging area.This phone was listed as fully functional. However, it has numerous issues. Several of the keypad buttons stick, the backlight does not shut off (even after switching the settings to shut off after seven seconds), and the clear button does not work when navigating some of the settings. Not as advertised.Item was reported as lost or stoleWorks well.Could not get it to turn on battery would not chargeThis was a replacement for the phone I had for several year. I hope this one last as long as the previous one did.A little disappointed in that the screen was cracked which was different than stated in the topic. Topic stated it had a few scratches but was readable.GoodAfter a little over a month the phone would no longer charge. Had to buy a new phoneThis is exactly what I wanted!My assumption is that the phone is just fine,although I can't say for certain. Because my assumption was that it came with a charger. It did not. After paying for this and getting nothing to charge it with, I am now with a completely useless phone. For the amount paid to get the phone AND get a charger, I could have went with someone else OR purchased another phone. So, if you're looking to get a phone here, I'm sure they are great but don't assume it has everything you need. It didn't. Here's what I've got- it looks good but is completely useless. This, by the way, is more on me for not looking at the right details or asking the right questions. Just the same, it's useless at the moment and I'm rather irritated at having paid as much when I could have gotten something better and more to the point, one that came with everything I needed to be able to use it. The seller was correct on everything else; it is exactly as advertised. Just make sure you get the damn charger.so far it is ok , have not had it very longIt is durable but I am on my 4th phone so I am not sure how rugged it is. I still like it.Great condition. Activated by Carrier with no problem.love this phoneProduct as described. Husband very pleased with it. Works perfect. Shipping was fast.This phone arrived with a working telephone number on it and could not be activated by my carrier. It was a terrible experience and I still have not gotten my money back!!!I purchased this phone as a replacement for my step-father's flip phone on Verizon. This was better than renewing the contract for another phone and was easy to get transferred to the account.hubby likes thisGood bargain. Would buy again.Just what I needed to replace my old flip phone!Very satisfied. Minor scratches on front but they obviously don't detract from it's efficiency. Vert good choice.Working great so far!!fastEverything work great.Got the phone to replace a broken one, Works perfect and very happy with it and how quick and easy it was to buy here.Phone is great quality, condition, and I've had no problems with it!Came in very good condition. Works as expectedworks greatDelivered on time works finebest company good productsvery goodOkay, I must eat crow here. I cannot seem to find a way to remove the bad review. In short, I found the battery later in the box. Hooked up the phone and works like a charm. My apologies to the vendor. Please let me know how to remove the other review and I will do so.I have changed phones a lot lately, including smart phones but this fits the bill! Its rugged like my Casio commando. It has push to talk, and is built to military specs. I would buy from this seller again they had it to me in just a couple days, and it is in like new condition.Have this for 10 years now, I can get about 15 days on standby, todays being cheaper and thinner get about 5 days on standbyPhone works good. The only problem was it still had all the contacts and messages and pictures on it. Verizon took care of that though.it worked just fine!!!After looking at smart phones, and noting that the user manuals were typically 500 pp. (not, alas, an exaggeration), I realized that a phone of middling intelligence would suit me just fine. The price here was 50% - 60% less than on other sites. It arrived promptly, and does all that I ask it to do: call, text, and function as my alarm clock. It does have Internet connectivity, but it's so slow, it's like time-travel back to the 1990s. I knew that going in, however. If you need to be able to update your twitter and/or Facebook frequently from your phone, keep on looking. If you just want a, you know, a *phone*, this is smart enough.This is my third Net10 phone. First two were AT&T phones, lots not to like about AT&T in southwest CT (IMHO), so I made sure this is Verizon, and it is! (G at the end of the name indicates AT&T, C means Verizon.) Most important functionality for me is good coverage (Verizon), good voice commands (reliable Bluetooth) and decent texting ability (not bad on this device). My first phone (Samsung T401G) was a slider, which really does beat the fakeBerry style phone for texting, but the phone had no voice dialing, so Bluetooth was not fully functional. Scratch that. My second phone was a Samsung R455G (AT&T). It looked much like this phone and was actually heftier, nicer casing, a kind of mini-track pad for moving the cursor. It looked more like the $40 I paid rather than this $10 phone. BUT, the Bluetooth was the weirdest I've ever encountered (I wrote a review on Amazon), and any time you hit the space bar when texting, you were equally likely to get a period. So you. Would get. Sentences. Like this. Scratch that. So, with the R355C I get Verizon connectivity, a NORMAL fully-functional Bluetooth, and the ability to text relatively easily. I actually find typing on the fakeBerry much easier than I would have thought. The worst is all the overlays (for punctuation and things like $ / etc.), which, if you have started losing your fine eyesight as I have, is murder, because it's very hard to see what's on each key. I suppose over the life of the phone I will get used to the most common things I use, but while the phone is new it's a bit of a drag. Not the phone's fault. Unlike some phones with exposed buttons (like the R455G), this phone does not lock itself every time it goes dark, which is a feature I actually like. You can easily lock it (hold the space bar) before putting it in your purse, but if it's sitting on your desk, it doesn't lock up every time it goes dormant, which is great if you're in the midst of a somewhat sporadic text exchange. Somewhat unusually, to unlock the phone you press a soft key and the space bar rather than the center or "ok" button, which seems the more common configuration. Haven't had it long enough to comment on battery life, but it seems better than the 455, which had terrible battery life.I've been using the Samsung r355c n10 phone for a little over 2 weeks and so far so great. Granted, it's not top quality but considering that it only costs $9.99, this phone is certainly worth the purchase, that is if you're looking for basic phone use (i.e. making phone calls, texting, as well as using the calendar, calculator, alarm etc.). However, if you want a phone that includes a fast internet connection, a camera that takes quality pictures, or video recording ability, you should look elsewhere. As for me, I'm happy with this phone so far and I'm also happy with Amazon. As usual Amazon delivered on time and the merchandise was in perfect condition. Thanks, Amazon :-D Here is what I've experienced & observed so far: BATTERY POWER: I tested the phone out a lot during the first few days. In other words, heavy usage. It took a little over 2 days before I had to recharge the battery. Then when I hardly used the phone (just a few short calls and several texting), the battery lasted for 5-6 days before I had to recharge. As of now, I'm happy with the battery. I just hope it'll stay this strong for a while. CALL RECEPTION: Solid reception. I can hear the person on the other end clearly and vice versa. With regard to dropped calls, I have not had one yet. CAMERA: Pictures aren't the best quality but they come out good enough. Unfortunately, there's no zoom which is a huge bummer for me since I'm a frequent user of the zoom feature. However, there are other features which make taking pictures fun, such as the series shot; mosaic shot; and my favorite, fun frames. For me that makes up a little for the quality of the pics. INTERNET ACCESS: This feature is ok for occasional use. However if you're looking for a phone mostly for internet browsing (if you internet daily for hours), you may want to look around and see what other choices are out there. As for this Samsung r355c phone, it's 10 cents a minute to internet; and be aware that the first minute will be deducted as soon as you press the browser key. The downloading of website pages is a bit slow to complete. I could not browse or navigate through any site until the downloading completely finished. I got 2 minutes deducted, once, for just visiting one page w/o hardly reading anything. If you do get this phone, this feature is not too bad if you have the time to wait for pages to download. KEYPAD: 1). The key buttons are really small which worried me a bit because my fingers are medium sized and I keep my nails really short so I thought I'd have problems (i.e. pressing 2 keys at once or pressing the wrong keys). Surprisingly I've had no trouble typing. It's pretty easy. 2). When not using the phone, it's best to lock the keypad down by holding down the space key for a few seconds. When the keypad is unlocked, it's easy to accidentally hit the browser key unknowingly and be charged for every minute the browser is on. 3). Fyi the red "End pwr" key is the "home" key. I didn't know that until I read the instruction booklet a few days later. I kept pressing the "back" key a few times to get out of features like the camera mode, text messages, calendar, etc. just to get back to the home screen. Doh! SPEAKER: The clarity is excellent. MUCH clearer than my 2 laptops' speakers that's for sure. TEXT MSG: It was nice to find out it only costs 2 &1/2 cents (0.25 minutes) per text compared to the 10 cents (1.00 minute) I used to pay prior to switching to this phone. I also like that there's a character count which lets you know when you're about to hit the maximum (160 character per text). The one thing missing is the copy/cut/paste features. But it's a minor issue considering the price of this phone. TEXT PICTURE MSG: It cost 35 cents (3.50 minutes) to send & to receive a picture text message. I was a little bummed about that but oh well, it's still good. VIDEO RECORDER: there is none :-( I know I'm leaving out info about other features this phone offers, but hopefully what I already have written down will help some people decide whether or not this phone will suit their needs.It looks like a Blackberry, but isn't a smart phone. It does not have the ability to use apps except for those limited few that come with it, but at least it looks more modern than other basic phones. The browser is slow, but you can get your email and Facebook in due time, so it's good in a pinch. Call quality is as good as the Verizon system this phone uses, so if Verizon is good in your area, this phone is as good as it gets for call quality. Test messaging is as good as any smart phone. It has an Mp3 player with playlists, and it will connect to any Bluetooth device to play music in your car or through a Bluetooth speaker. There is no Wi-Fi. I like the real keyboard as opposed to the touch keyboards of other phones. I like the real buttons as opposed to the touch screen, so for me, this works well for my needs. It won't satisfy those users who need the latest and greatest high speed internet while on the go.Definitely believe I hit the jackpot when I found this phone. Beforehand, I owned the Motorola flip phone, under Net10. Paid $30 for that, it was great as a starter for my first cell phone, paid for by myself. When my mom was paying my bill, I had the LG900G and it was great, loved the feel, the keyboard, all the little gadgets; absolutely awesome. I decided to shop around for an upgrade, something a little more my speed than a flip phone. After seeing this phone, I read all the reviews because I wanted to make sure I was getting the bang for my buck, even if it was only $10 ($16 & change because of shipping) and I decided that between this and the Net10 with the slide up keyboard, that this phone was the better deal. I've had it for two days now, transferring my number took five minutes online and then another 10-15 minutes with the phone physically. Quick, easy, and done in less than a half hour. I love the feel of the keys (I have tiny hands, so it works well with me) and it can do a lot for the price. Bought a case too, which should arrive to my house today, which I also paid $10 ($5 for the case, $4.95 shipping.) In total, I bought a brand new phone and a brand new case for $26.91, under the price I paid for the flip phone without a case ($30) and I'm very satisfied so far. I'll update if anything changes, but so far, it fits all of my needs.I bought this phone so I could answer text messages from my kids, grandkids and brothers without taking 3 minutes to text 3 words. At first I was a little concerned about the small buttons but I got used to them very quickly. I get much better reception than my old phone. I don't have to stop in my tracks when I'm in the store and my wife calls me to add to our grocery list. It did take almost the full 72 hours for Net10 to transfer my old phone number and minutes, but it was well worth the wait.A great phone at a great price! where else but amazon could you find a phone that has basic features as well as a mini keyboard at the price that it was offered for. It quality is great, and I haven't had any dropped calls since I've gotten this phone and with taking the net10 $25 prepaid card, 750 is more than enough for someone to use in 30 days, unless you get on the phone stay on forever. Keep up the great work Amazon. Amazon is Amazing!I have been with Net10 for 8 months now and I switched from a Bring Your Own Phone SIM card to this Samsung. My unlocked HP Pre 3 messed up and I saw this for only $9.99 FREE PRIME shipping. It was a steal.This phone is exactly what I needed. It has features many basic phones don't have nowadays. Things like a dedicated camera button, a cover for the USB charging port to avoid dust getting in and a standard headset jack. The menu is very basic, nothing out of the ordinary, easy to read. As far as the network goes, I did some research and after activating this phone I am certain the networks got switched from T-Mobile to Verizon Wireless coverage. This phone runs on Verizon's CDMA 1X network. Which is also a big plus for me because I have better signal and I'm saving $5 with Net10 over Verizon's Unlimited for basic phones plan. Very happy with my purchase. The only negative thing I would point out is the keyboard itself feels really cheap. It has good tactile feedback but you can definitely feel the cheapness of it. I don't really mind as long as I can text fast on it. Which I think is achievable once I get used to the keyboard. If this phone messes up I can always get a second one. At only $9.99 who wouldn't?This phone works just fine for someone who just needs a phone. I got the 750 minute plan and I have loads of minutes to burn through, so I tried using the browser. It wasn't as slow as the other reviews led me to believe it would be. It worked ok, but it is a little clunky and difficult to navigate. I'll only use it in emergency situations. I haven't tried the 411 service yet, but I suspect that will be faster than using the internet. The sound and the ringer are both good. The keyboard works well for me, but the buttons are too small for my husband to use. The battery life is excellent. Good phone for the money.Works great in New Hampshire. It uses the US Cellular towers (CDMA). Would recommend! Just as a hint: the "C" in R355C stands for CDMA which is what Verizon and US Cellular uses. ATT uses GSM if the phone ends in "G" then it won't be compatible with CDMA towers (Verizon and US Cellular)I have had prepaid phones for a few years now. Does not make sense to have an expensive phone on a contract for two years and then throw away minutes and money I do not use each month. This way, I have a good quality phone with some of the most sophisticated technology available to use. If I lose it or it get dropped into water, not that much of a loss. I can get another phone from Net10 and have the number and minutes transferred. The phone has so many features and is very easy to use and understand.We also purchased the auto charger, data cable, lens protector, and hard shell (highly recommended for kids). It's been in use for over a year and subjected to sports, scouting, youth trips (i.e. boys). It's been sat on, dropped on floors, cement, gravel, & asphalt without failure. I attributed this to the rubberized hard cover. Excellent price point for a kids disposable. We would buy this againI have been through two other phones with Net10 and this phone kept me with the service. The quality of the phone and the "Verizon" CDMA towers it uses in my area make it seem like I'm using contract phone service with Net10 prepay. Phone call quality is very clear and I have service in areas I didn't have with my previous Verizon Wireless contract phone.I like this simple little phone for the amazing price, BUT it does have some flaws. Most importantly, I found it supremely annoying that it subtracted my minutes without actually sending a photo I tried to send. Also, without the snooze function, the alarm is almost useless, which is a shame. Other than that, works goodI like the phone and it does what it says it will do. Only problem with phones like these is you have to set it on autolock otherwise you'll accidently hit the buttons to connect you to the web and all your minutes will be used up.Excellent phone. Plenty of features for the price. Went from a LG 620G prepaid to this and I am more than satisfied with my purchase. I recommend this phone for someone searching for an inexpensive phone with some pretty good features - bluetooth connectivity, qwerty keyboard (no more triple tapping), caller id, headphone port, micro sd slot, speakerphone and plenty more. Yet again an excellent phone for the price (currently $10).I originally purchased this phone because of the price. I am very impressed with the quality of the phone. The battery life is about 6 days with limited use. When I read other reviews I saw that there was no speakerphone function. Not true. There is a speakerphone button above the send button. Also, text messages are 1.00 minute for outgoing and receiving. Buttons are small but easy to get used to. The only drawback about the actual phone is that you cannot customize any of the shortcut buttons. (also has poor camera quality and No video function) Great bang for your buckGreat phone for a great value. Who needs all the bells and whistles? This works perfect and even has a convenient keypad.After several years in a cell phone contract that I really didnt need, I decided to go the prepaid route. I tried a few different services and found this one offered the best deal (I do the 750 minutes a month for $25 service- one of many Net10 provides) I have literally shaved 75% off my bill using this phone. The buttons make it easy to text and its super easy to add minutes at any time from the menu on the phone, buying them at the store, or even online. If you just need a basic phone to call in or out of, and text from- this is it. There is a camera, its not an especially great one but its there if you need it.Not a smart phone, but this one does everything well, though the keyboard is extremely small. Also, the voicemail occasionally sends your old messages to you as if they just came in, and in normal course doesn't give you verbal dates and times.I have been using the SamSung R355C Net10 Unlimited for several years. I am still using my original phone after 4 years and have purchased several for friends who needed good reliable phones and they are still using theirs. I don't talk a lot so I use the 60 day unlimited carry over plan while several friends go for for the unlimited plans. Net 10 offers a variety of plans to suit most needs. The phone is reliable and Net10 on the Verizon network is reliable also with very good coverage. I recommended this phone to anyone who wants a basic phone with occasional data usage.i have only had this net ten phone for two months and it freezes up and does not load properly for photos,i'am how ever giving it a two star rating it is only good as a back up phone for making and recieving calls in case of emergency if you can get reception,Need a cell phone in a pinch? This is a great phone for the money. I used it for three months and I gave it to my aunt and she is now using it. It is very affordable and works great.Pros: 1.) Cheap 2.) Very user-friendly (I find Samung phones easy to use) 3.) Keypad lock works! Not one pocket call yet! 4.) Good battery life. Cons: 1.) Poor sound quality 2.) Do not suggest getting if you plan on using the internet. 3.) Texts cost a full minute. With my Tracfone, they only cost 0.3 minute/text. 4.) Every now and then I get a text and the alert does not make a sound even though my volume is turned on to high.Good reception everywhere. The sound is loud and clear. The buttons are a little small if you have big hands and it shuts off unexpectedly when using an SD card.Product as described. Excellent seller. Would purchase from seller again.This Cell is perfect for everyday use! Has a BIG Screen on it & Works really Well! I would recomend this cell 2 anyone looking for something with a FULL KEYBOARD and decent Style at a low price!!This is a great and affordable phone for calling and texting purposes. It is five stars for that. I don't think this is a phone I would buy for web browsing and email though!I was looking for an inexpensive phone (which this was), but the keys are way too small. Perhaps the awkward feel was the reason for the low price!!This is an easy to use phone has great features like texting and sending pictures uses too many minutes to use to log onto internetNever used it since it doesn't work in Mexico, otherwise I guess it's fine for the U.S.Best feature is: It only uses 1/2 minute per text, unlike my last phone that used a minute per text. It also has several nice features and the price is unheard of!!! Less than $10!!!Rightfully, I should probably give this product one star rather than three, but Im considering the possibility that I just got a defective cell. I bought this as a cheap efficient way to make and receive important calls. Unfortunately its never worked. Out of the box, the phone proved incapable of keeping a charge longer than one day. Whats more is that after a painstaking activation; I say this because after registering the product on Net 10s website the phone still didnt work. I had to call Net 10 from a land line so that a customer service representative could walk me through the process of putting in about 8 to 10 activation codes. After this, the phone couldnt receive a signal almost anywhere. In a very few locations we were able to make calls, but nowhere that it actually counted. It wouldnt even work at our home whereas weve had AT&T and Verizon phones which work just fine. After calling Net 10 again, the customer service representative deduced that the produce was defective and that they would send a new phone. I was fine with this even putting aside that wed had the produce well over a month and never got to use it. After repeating the home address to the representative three times, he still got it wrong. The package ended up at a FedEx several miles away and they couldnt resend the package. So, I called Net 10 yet again to explain the problem to them. They said that theyd send another phone and never did. Instead they cancelled my service with them which is just fine as I wouldve done that anyway. The bottom line is that I gave this item three stars out of grace. I assume that if you get a working product there will be no problem, but be forewarned that costumer service is terrible should you have an actual problem.This is a great product! I like the size and shape of it very much. The screen provides nice visibility of text and pictures.Brand new for $10. You can't go wrong. Phone works as it is supposed to. Charger included. Did I mention it was only $10?I bought this for my bro for his birthday last year. He finally activated it and it works just fine.this phone is good the buttons are a little smallAn excellent product at a very low price.i can't believe the quality of the phone for the price! it's almost unbelievable, but i'm very happy with it.A little tiny for my taste but it works quite well. It has very good tone and is nice and clear. This is definetly a very good thing because I have friends with very expensive cell phones that don't work as well as the Net 10 does.I like these phones they are a great buy if you just want a phone to talk and text this is the one that is all I use them for so it is very economical.so far so goodI love this phone. It's easy to use. The only thing I do not like about it is it can easily go into the browser and burn away minutes if you aren't very very careful. But that's all I do not like about it.Great phone nice and easy to use! Music, ringtones sound great! Battery life is good. Yes I got a brand new phone for 9.99, good deal.Can t beat price ! Verizon , Net 10 hook up on line simple and fast with out talking to someoneGreat phone for the price and for the basics!! Small keys not good for those with big fingers who text! Good emergency phone for Grammy that's what I got it for and it's suits her purposes!:)Brand new in the box. This is my third R355C. It is a long lasting phone that works better than the other phones (same cellular phone service) I have had. Says it is internet capable, but so slow it is worthless to me. Use my computer for internet so it suits me fine. Excellent phone for me. Use it for talk and text. Good photos... don't print well for me.I bought this phone for my seven year old. She loves it. It was perfect for here, the price was GREAT and it arrive on time!! great work!!Battery lasts for days, easy texting, buttons a little small but works for me. This is the best deal out there.I LIKE IT ! It works well, however the keyboard is a little small and difficult to use. Other than that it's fine.This is a great product for the money especially if it is for ur child that is rough on phones.. Delivery was a dream...I ordered this phone as a replacement for another Net 10 phone, which had been giving me trouble for ages. Oh, what I would give to have that phone back! My main complaint about this phone is that whoever designed it didn't give too much thought to usability/ease of use. In the Web design world, there is a general rule that a user should never have to click more than twice to get to any page on a site. The developer of this phone certainly did not have that rule in mind. I may be missing it, but I have not been able to find a speaker function on this phone. That means I can't drive while using it (no Bluetooth feature either) and I can't use the speaker when I am typing and making business calls. The phone often has to be reset because the clock stops or the date is wrong. The keyboard is also kind of weird. I thought you could use the shift button to switch from letters to numbers, but you can't. You have to click 123/sym, write out the number, and then go back to Abc/abc to write the rest of a message. This is a pain in the butt if you are trying to write several numbers in a message, as you have to keep switching between 123/sym and Abc/abc. All in all, this is not a good phone.I am really enjoying my new phone which I bought to replace my original Net 10 phone. It has all the features I was looking for! The only draw back is, I thought I would be able to have it unlocked and use it when I travel outside the country with a different SIM card. But Net 10 phones can't be unlocked so now I have to look for another phone that can be unlocked for travelling.This is one time I should have invested in a better quality phone and not attempted to save money. This phone will not be with me long and an upgrade is just around the corner.I was really excited when i received this phone so when i opened it i discovered that the battery did NOT go with this phone so i called the net 10 co and told them about a problem with a product and they sent me out a new battery and when i received it, it was still the wrong battery so i instantly became angered so now i am trying to find the CORRECT battery.got this phone 4 months ago and the battery is dead I would like a new battery pleaseI am happy with the product that I bought.This phone is a delight and affordable for the casual phone call and text. Easy to use, etc. Do not buy if you want web services. Highly recommend as a phone.I'm putting this review only because I never received it, but that's only because I had a change of address at the time. If you were going to order this phone, you probably should because I read the reviews and they seem good.The phone did not work. It Never even turned on when I plugged it in. I returned it for a refund.This particular cell purchase began with a limited budget. Keeping that in mind you get what you pay for. Not impressed, nor disappointed in the least. I got the whole $9 worth. If you can get a recommendation from this, or not, remember you have been advised.it was defective the baterry didnt work. Its a good thing the battery didnt explode when i was talking on it but when it was sitting on the table.Mad when I got the phone and opened it I brought the same phone last year at christmas from radio shack on line it cost me$10 end of getting two. I could have gotten two for the price of one. Its still in the box!!i really liked the phone i had already had a similar one before so i really liked so decided to get another one... its really good and better was the price... i would recommend it..I bought two of these from Amazon. I am currently using one of them. This is a Solid phone when it comes to net10 pay as you go phones and I have had a number of net10 phones over the years. I have seen some reviews on other prepaid phones and see the compliants about the browser speed. This is not an Android phone, if it's speed you want, buy an android, if it's just a basic Talk and text phone, then this is the type of phone to buy. This phone is a CDMA phone, it doesn't have a SIM card in it. I have read in an online forum that this phone actually uses the Verizon Towers so the signal is carried by them. I have had no signal problems thus far with this phone no matter where I have been in my area, though there are different factors that can come into play when it comes to cellphone signal strengths and weakness's. The keyboard on this phone is easy to navigate, I do wish they had made the keys just a tiny bit larger but it is not a deal breaker as I have adapted to it and it's not an issue for me. There are several other functions with this phone, one of my Favorties is the Tip calculator, I'm admittedly lousy at math, it's handy to have! There is a Memo pad, another handy tool to have to write a note to save, Remember, a note...not a book. It has a calendar as well as a calculator, it also has a camera, again, this is a prepaid phone camera, don't expect over the top pictures, but they afre not bad at all...for this type of phone. The battery life on this phone is outstanding too. I highly reccomend this phone.I've had this phone for about a month now and it's become very helpful. I only use it for job/quick calls, I'm not much of a talker so I needed a prepaid phone.I bought a 200min card from NET10 the same day I got it and after a month, i still have 100+ min left. Buying this phone was definitely the right choice because it was cheap and I don't need a plan. It's a very light and has common cellphone features. The thing that I dislike, is that if you don't lock it, the browser button might get dialed by accident and then your minutes will just go. Happened to me twice but I quickly realized...i lost like 10min. It has a nice design and the camera is ok. This cellphone is nothing fancy but it does the job. The keypad buttons are kinda small but my hands are small so it's ok. Since I usually have the screen turned off, the battery lasts a lot of time. I never let it past 2 bars(out of 5) so I don't know how long it truly lasts. (I only remember charging it twice, when 3 bars left, ever since i got it a month ago)Ive owned this phone a little over a month now and for the most part do not regret buying it at current price, $9. However it Is not without A few aggravating features. The keyboard is small, as others have mentioned, so if you have large fingers it might not suit you. Also, there is now way of deactivating the browser that I am aware of and believe me I've looked for one. The browser is a one button push, and the only defense from doing this is to lock the keyboard by holding down the space button, which I forget to do sometimes. I just learned you can set the phone to lock the keyboard after a time of inactivity, in case you forget to lock it like I do. I was skeptical that this phone only charged you .25 minutes a text that another reviewer mentioned but sure enough it does, although I just noticed it also charges you 1 minute a call whether the person you are calling answers or not, which to the best of my knowledge doesn't happen with other net 10 phones. The mp3 player is a nice feature and can use up to 16 GB of ...which is quite a lot of music. Can't comment too much about the camera save for the fact you cannot zoom in after you snap a photo. Speaker is on par with other cheap phones. I would suggest this phone to anyone who has small fingers that likes to text, additionally they have a very similar phone at Kroger grocery store at the moment if you want to get an idea of the keyboard size. It is a Samsung with slightly different Model numbers. ThE 355c has a very slightly smaller keyboard than the one at Kroger.I lost my first one of these 2 days ago. I had it over a year. I researched other Net10 CDMA phones, as I prefer the Verizon network. I also have Net10 LG900g, which is GSM, on ATT. (That is also a good phone, by the way...but Verizon is better in our area). I ordered another one of the R355C, not only because of the price. The phone clarity was great, texting was easy for me, alarm clock worked fine, all the things I really needed it for. It has a good speakerphone. The camera is not that great, because there is no zoom, etc. No extra features. You can't even enlarge it at all when someone sends a pic message. Sometimes you have to ask them what it is a photo of. That is the state of this camera. (the LG900g has a nice camera). The browser, well, it's a browser. Not a smartphone. You definitely can check email and news, sports, whatever you want. It is slow, though, and not a computer experience. But it does work and you can indeed get your Internet fix if you have to. As a phone, as a texter, as an alarm clock, as a calculator, etc., it is wonderful. I was really sad to lose my first one and really happy to find another one here at this price. *** UPDATE **** The first one I received now was DOA. Not sure if battery or phone itself. Ordered a replacement for it, and now this one is shutting itself off after a few minutes. I need to return both. Should I try this model again? I don't know... I loved the one I lost...that is why I ordered another. So disappointing that these 2 replacements are not good. **** Second UPDATE **** The seller has graciously replaced this for me with a new one that works just great. Happy again.I just wanted a basic phone, and this is it. Don't expect Internet access, Facebook, etc, with this thing. My friends mostly have phones costing 2-4 times this much per month (I use the $25/month 750 minute plan). But their phones don't work in buildings, elevators, on the subway, etc., and mine does. It seems that Net10 rents working wireless access from expensive companies and then sells it to us. I have purchased 3 of these phones. One was defective enough to return it, and a second one refuses to go into autolock mode, so I often find it browsing the net or writing its own text messages. To my knowledge it has never actually butt-dialed anyone. I can lock it by just holding down the spacebar, but I often forget. It has never managed to use up my minutes, anyway. A fourth Net10 phone also died before I started with these Samsungs. So why do I give them 5 stars? Because they are practically giving these phones away, and the per month charge is reasonable by US standards.The only reason I don't get yet another phone and dump my slightly defective one is that I'll have to type in about 300 digits to reprogram the new phone to take over my account. As far as usability, the phone is great. The keyboard is fine, even though the keys are tiny and I can barely see them without glasses, it is miles better than my previous 'cheap' phones, which cost much more than these. The menus are well organized, and I use the phone as my daily alarm as well. I like the ringtones selection.After recently becoming one of America's newest smartphone customers, I was going to pass my pristineSamsung A797 Flight Red At&t Qwerty Keyboard Touch Screen 3g Gps Cell Phoneto my youngest daughter until I saw this phone listed on Amazon.com. First off, the deal is crazy. Less than 25 dollars for this phone! Secondly, I like Net10, because you can switch their calling plans hassle-free! I can easily tailor my daughter's plan to her actual cell phone usage! Add a cute "blinged-out" phone caseSamsung R355c Blue Circle Silver Jewel Bling Dazzle Diamonds Protector Straight Talk Net 10 HardCase Cover Skin NET 10 Straight Talkand a phone charm, and she is in business! Did I mention the insane price, and that the phone arrived BRAND NEW, unopened, still in the box? It doesn't support Opera, but I was able to bookmark Google Mobile, which automatically gives her Google Maps (of course, she isn't going to need that yet, but it's nice to have, LOL). The phone also has a surprisingly decent mp3 player (you can upload music to it using a data cable), camera (no video, but your pics can be customized!), expandable memory and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack! You cannot watch YouTube videos, but you can use your mp3's for ringtones, something that too many contract (read: expensive) phones still won't allow you to do! The calls themselves come in clear. So far, we've had no problems with reception (everything works where we live, so we're probably not going to have too many issues with dropped calls). Best of all, my daughter LOVES her new phone. Thank you SO MUCH for providing this item for Amazon customers at such a great price! **UPDATE** Just a little tip....it costs 3.5 minutes to send an MMS, so if possible, link your device via Bluetooth and send MMS that way.You will never want to surf the web on this, but it has a really loud ring tone which I love because I keep it in my purse or the kitchen when I'm home. ***Keyboard is small, but ok for me. The C is for CDMA -Verizon service for me. That may depend on the zip code that you activate the phone in. This phone is small and actually takes half decent pix, though I would never use it for trying to do anything with them other that looking at them on the phone itself. I mainly use them for backgrounds on the phone. Call quality is great. I love the querty keyboard. I would never have a touch screen only keyboard. -That's just me. Bluetooth works great with my Mazda, I never have to touch the phone to make/receive calls. Tip, you have to keep it locked, which you can do manually by holding the space key or set autolock. Otherwise, the internet key can very easily get pressed and eat up your minutes. I would like a way to disable that key!In an effort to better control monthly expenses, I switched to this net 10 phone. I have had two android based phones (2.2 and 2.3) and a couple of blackberries. This phone had great battery life and very good reception. It is very light and has a type of plastic on the sides that will prevent it from easily slipping out of your hand. The MP3 player is nice, but I haven't found any equalizer settings...the sound is still good though. It isn't a smart phone, but is is a great little text phone. The browser works for basic things, like a quick email check. The camera is fine for quick snap shots and seems to do pretty well in average indoor lighting. If you live in a CDMA area with limited GSM service like I do, and you want to go the Net10 route, this is a good phone, especially for the price! There is a newer version of this phone available for Straight Talk (R375c) that has better screen resolution and better web browser capabilities, but I haven't seen it available for Net10. For now, this phone is just fine.My bad. I ordered this lovely phone because I needed a Net10 phone. It fits nicely into the palm of my hand and the keypad is exactly what I wanted. HOWEVER, buyers beware. Make sure when you get a phone that it will work with the towers in your area. This one is set up for a place that has Sprint towers. Being 60 miles from Sacramento and 60 miles from Stockton, the major cell phone tower ill pjhones AT&T. I was going to return it BUT it's almost $7.00 to do a UPS drop-off and $13.00 for UPS to pick it up. I only paid $14.00 so it's not worth sending it back. Therefore I'll either keep it, gift it to someone who lives where the Sprint tower is or donate to a woman's center in the big city.I just bought two of these and tried to activate NET10 service to use the Verizon CDMA network. I turned on the phone and see that it says a service from Tracfone. I read these reviews and do not recall anyone mentioning this. I absolutely do not want Tracfone. I am really upset about this right now. Best of all, the activation and phone plan I paid for did not get completed because the Tracfone server was too busy. Otherwise, though, the seller described the product accurately and the expedited delivery I requested occurred as scheduled as well. The seller did a great job. Too bad the product appears to be a bait and switch and money for absolutely nothing in terms of the "service" plan.I had this phone before I upgraded to an android. I must say, I really loved this phone. It's easy to operate, you can go on-line with it, it has more storage space available, and the volume is excellent when playing music. It's easy to download music and just about everything except anything requiring flas player. I only upgraded to android to be able to watch youtube at work. If only this phone allowed youtube to play, then I'd be set. The keys are very small so if you need latger ones this isn't for you. This is a great starter phone for a kid. They'll love it.This is a great cheap Net10 phone. I lost my regular phone and needed something to get me by temporarily and this phone has been great so far. It is by no means anything like a smartphone but for basic calling and texting it is great. For anyone that may be confused you do not need to buy a sim card for this phone. It doesn't take one and you can activate it on Net10 without one.Worked for what I needed and was pretty simple. I mean for a minute card phone this is one of the best! Plus they are weirdly durable.If you want just talk n text on verizon consider this phone. Excellent reception, easy to use keyboard even for my large fingers. Phone has issues of staying silent when going in and out of vibrate mode. I had to reboot a couple times to get the texting sounds back but I don't use silent mode that much. I'd like to say a special thanks to the Shopcelldeals store. I had my phone for almost a month before I opened it. When I did, the battery enclosed inside the packaging was the wrong one! I have had dozens of prepaid phones over the years and never witnessed this before! The battery was about an 1/8 inch too wide. I contacted Shopcelldeals via Amazon and they sent out a correct battery right away, no questions asked. Thank you Shopcelldeals!This is NOT a smartphone. The beauty lies in its CDMA technology. So you pay Net10 rates and are able to use the Verizon CDMA system in rural areas with weak cell coverage. Works very well in New England. I just need to make calls and send text in these areas and in late 2014 signal strength is always better than GSM. Battery life is 7 days with light to Moderate use. A very good rural area phone.Junk. Net 10 couldn't even get it to work or load minutes. One tech said it was used previously. Avoid all Net 10 phones in my opinion. Their customer service is horrible. I returned it to Amazon.Just received it and so far so good. My husband plans to use it mainly for phone calls when necessary. ( Imagine That ! ) He is starting with a Net 10 $20.00 plan and with a phone that sells for $9.99 with free shipping how can you go wrong? Phone calls have been great. Will update further when I have a chance to play around with it!I ordered this phone for Christmas because I wanted a camera phone that I could use with bluetooth and store music on.Texting on this is easy and that was a plus.The letters are small but I am far sighted so I have no problem with them.I am enjoying this purchase and like that I have a no contract phone with everything I want.Browsing the web is also an option but I'm not sure Ill use it.Pleased with the phone. Setting it up with Net 10 was a nightmare. I got it as a backup phone - like the ability to control monthly rate - and like the teeny tiny keyboard for texting. It runs off Verizon towers and gets a strong signal and good sound quality. The internet function chews up minutes so I will only use primarily for texting.I have a work Iphone but need a personal phone. I had an old flip phone and would never use it. I thought the reception was really bad turns out it was just the phone. For the price its great, I only use it to talk and text though. Hooked up easily through my Blue Tooth also. Saw a similar phone in the store on "sale" for $29.00 Switching the phone over was easy as well.This phone has such a long battery life, I only plug it in once a week or so, and even then it still has about half its charge. Call clarity is excellent. The only reasons I didn't give 5 stars is it drives me crazy how many keystrokes it takes to do anything, and the keys are so tiny, in some light they are very hard to read and know what you are pressing.Used primarily for phone and text service works as expected. Internet use is not viable. Tried to access google and used 10 minutes before I was able to much. Great price and is what was expected. Replaced lost phone that had same features. Would buy again if I wanted this type of phone.bought this for my 7 yr old granddaughter , she loved it ! very nice ... very nice price too ... she was the only one in the family with no phone ... she said you know granny , i am 7 now , don't you think i should have a camera phone , i may need to call my parent's in an emergency or something , plus i can talk to all of my friends :) what's granny do ? order's it that night ! lolI like this phone, it's more expensive looking than it really is. It does not feel like a cheap phone I feel like I have a black berry without the price of one. I am very happy with my purchase. Thanks Amazon!!!!!!!!!This was a great phone for those that do not text alot. But for those that text alot, you can only text 160 words per text. Very limited. The battery does not hold a charge for long and there are digital/computer sounding ringtones. I will be swithing back to the old net 10.Unfortunately, I lost this phone on my way to a nursing refresher course. All day I longed for this phone. I missed it very much. When I went out of town, I never found it, I never traced it and got it back.a real good price for these phone`s i look one the website i don`t have the $$$$$$$ to get one straight through them and then i found this one i already order my wife one so i figure i would get oneI read all the good reviews on this phone and the price was right so I ordered it. This phone is a great basic phone and works well for what I need and it was only $10. Really like it.If you want a no nonsense kind of phone that works reliably and you don't have to charge it every single day, get this phone!Good "slightly more than just basic" phone. Has good ringer volume, call quality and signal strength. Works off verizon as it is a CDMA. I don't take pics but this phone has a pretty decent camera. The mp3 player is above average sound quality. 3.5 headphone jack. Easy to lock keyboard by pressing space bar. Only thing I would change is the keys are a bit small but you get used to them. All in all, if you don't want to pay 80 or 90 bucks for a "supposedly" better phone with these features, this is the phone for you. I like it a lot. Have 2 of them. One for straight talk and the other for net 10. One more thing, this phone has the most economical texting plan, it's only 0.25 min per text. Other phones it's 0.50. For me that was a big selling point. For your interest: it was hard for me to pair the samsung r355c by bluetooth to transfer contacts. First the passkey for bluetooth was 00000 then it switched to 11111. It was very fustrating to figure out so hope this avoids this for the next customer.Worked out greatI am enjoying this phone, took me a long time to get one more updated. I can get on the internet now and take pictures. However, I do not see any "call waiting" with this phone and that is a disappointment. Other than that, it is a great phone for a great price!This phones main function is for text & talk with some browsing options but it lack the kind of phone features you'd get on a drod or higher however if you for gating a $10 phone with a monthy bill of $16.80 it a good buyBought it for my daughter. She loves it. Only set back is it will turn on in her backpack and go off. It is easily set to on. She can't have that happening in school. Keeps a charge for 2-3 days. Very reliable.Trying to text us quite cumbersome, and it can be hard to hear on. It works and holds the charge, but not as easy to use as our last phone.I am so glad that I found this phone. I am gladly ditching my LG800G phone in favor of this one. The main selling poing for me was the keyboard. No more texting from a touchscreen, which, let me tell you, is tedious. I love the way the Samsung's mp3 is set up. The microSD card has its own slot under the back cover and the phone accepts cards up to 16GB. The 800G only accepted up to 4GB. I can just about carry my entire mp3 catalog around on this little phone. Plus, I can set up any song on my mp3 as my ringtone or message alert. My old phone would not let me do this. Did I mention the price? $10. That's it. It blows my mind that the phone is so inexpensive and yet does SO much. My only quibble? Can't watch Netflix. Guess I'll have to buy a Kindle Fire. I cannot be more satisfied.My phone from samsung, through amazon, has been more than satisfactory. It is much more convenient than my previous phone.It came in the casing with all brand new look. Delivered on time and was just as expecting. Love the style of these phones - they are made well and very durable.Love net 10 phone. No contract,easy to text, and works in the middle of nowhere with no phone tower close byI like simple phones and this works - for $10 what can you expect!Great for all my needs, lives up to my expectations. I am very happy with this product. Highly recommend you buy this.OkThe phone is great for texting! It laso has a camera to take and send pics to other people's cell. It's easy to use once you get the hang of it.greatThis phone is great! I just need a phone, I don't want to surf the web or use it as a PDA. I just need a phone! This one has reception where none of the others in the past ever did!This was my 3rd time purchasing this phone in the last few years. Crystal clear and easy to use. Very affordable and best of all.............only $25.00 a month! Great value!wife is very happy with it...all she wanted in a phone was one simple to use for all she does is call and or text on it, so the "dumb" phone works for what she wants/needs it for!received phone early..fast delivery...nice phone..even though its an older model stores still carry this model..kmart sells it for $99 .. i will be buying another for myself..this one was for my son..thanks amazonI just started using it but, I haven't noticed any problems. It seems to work well. No Complaints as of yet, but i will let you know if there is.a very capable cell phone with enough bells and whistles to keep your teenage daughters from disowning you. No data;)Bought for my son to replace his old flip phone. Very inexpensive while providing him with a full keyboard making texting a little easier.I could have sworn I already wrote a review for the phone. Awesome phone. ONLY 2 flaws: CANNOT reach Twitter and NO zoom function for photos. Otherwise near perfect!!! Thanks again!!!...Die after a year.Best ten dollars I have ever spent. Love net zero.No.problems with any part of this purchase. Good tech support. ThanksExcellentThis phone is worth the money! It provides you will all of the essentials you need in a phone! I highly recommend this phone for the budget conscious individuals!Perfect - but cant get Internet any longer - outdated techFirst off you should know that this phone only charges .25 minutes per text received and send which is 50% of the regular Net10 phones and the main reason of my purchase, that being said... Important info you should know about this phone. Features: 1.3Mega Pixel camera, Long battery life, Quarty Keyboard My impressions: Keys are small but easy to type on, this phone does not support T9 word and calling numbers is slightly more annoying since the keys are smaller then most are used to. I can't comment on the browser features since for some reason the phone is roaming in the Wyoming area where I am located and it says data restriction 36 but from videos the browser is nothing special. It is also worth mentioning that you can record your own ringtones and transfer audio and images back and forth from your computer via a data cable or blue tooth adapter. Picture quality is better then my old 1.3MP camera which was a scoop but it's still nothing amazing, I'm sure everyone has seen what most cell phone pictures are like, and this phone is no exception, but still it is nice to have the feature. Also you can lock the keypad by pressing and holding the spacebar down. Features aren't great but you can get around 300 minutes or about 1200 text for 20$ per month on this phone which is very cheap for those of us who don't talk much.works okThe phone was new, shipped fast and was exaclty what I though it would be. I really love the phone and it has been working great for me.Works fine great clarity when calling. Has limited features but the ones it has are very well done. Shouldhave a Smart Phone Version now.Here goes, Amazon Prime held up there end of the purchase admirably. The Samsung R355C though not the best phone by far, for the price is very satisfactory. Net 10 and their service is without a doubt the most frustrating ,inefficient poor service I've ever encountered in any industry. Their customer service reps lack any knowledge ,intelligence and diplomacy ! To keep this as brief as possible and not go on forever (which i truly could) I'll just say that in a single day I was accused of lieing about buying minutes or in this case posting my credit card for "easy pay" which it's not ! To having the phone disabled for 2 days, then having my phone number changed 3 times because their supposed simple number transfer process somehow couldn't be accomplished. Their techs had no reason for this until one of them suggested that the number had just expired! i had the same number for 7 years . Strange it expired the minute they tried to transfer it! Then after all is "fixed" I try to make a call and i get a Verizon operator telling me i can't call out!! The nightmare goes on and on ! I'll stop here and just say i wouldn't recommend Net 10 to my worst enemy!!!!Liked the phone. Works well. Numbers and letters are really small though but other than that, works well. Overall, liked this purchase.This phone worked great for my son untill he upgraded. GOOD SOUND/SIGNAL/BASIC PHONE FOR 9.99. Very satisfied with amazon service and prices.This is a cheap alternative to a smart phone. You get free months (2 I think) and (600 minutes) making this phone free. I like the keyboard for texts. The phone is extremely durable, and picks of cell signals well, even on top of pikes peak. The phone battery lasts several days. These phones do not like water, so make sure to keep it dry.Just got it today 4-19-2013. It will not charge. The no battery message comes on. Despite repeatedly taking the battery in and out of the phone.. I suspect that the battery is dead upon arrival. Do not know how to get another one. Probably will just have to pitch the phone. Will try to send a message to supplier but because this is not directly through Amazon do not know how yet. Update great people to deal with shipping replacement battery.The problem with this phone is the fact that I had it activated for two weeks before they shut it down stating that they would not allow this phone to be activated on their system. They wouldn't tell me why it was deactivated, but the assumption is that it was either stolen or a counterfeit.love itno es desbloquedoThis is a great little phone for the price and it is used off of Verizon network., It is simple to use.Like the phone, good size and I like the structure of the Querty Keyboard. It's a rather light phone so it doesn't take up too much space in your pocket. I like the USB MASS storage feature on it as we'll so it works as a flash drive.If you're buying a phone for your young child just to keep in contact this would be nice. However it's not very sophisticated for an adult and lacks some basic features that I liked on my previous phone that's a later model than this one.This phone is best used when you live in a major city because it contains different data than regular NET 10 phones. I live in a rural farm country of Texas and could not keep a signal. Therefore my phone could not be used but was usable when I traveled to two different major cities in Texas. For example, I could use it in Ft. Worth, Texas and in Abilene, Texas. I am not saying it is a bad phone what I am saying is that if you do not live in a major city with excellent cell reception I do not advise buying this phone.....because I was unable to activate it. When I called NET10 about it and stayed on the line with 3 different customer service departments for 30 minutes, I was told that this phone had already been activated. It was activated last month in California (1500 miles away) and already had a telephone number assigned to it. So, this seller obviously sold me a previously activated phone, and wasted my time, since no one could help me activate it. Since it was only $10, it isn't worth the time or gas to take it back to the UPS store. So, into the garbage it goes. (Nice little charger though. I will keep that part)The battery was dead out of the box. The phone only worked when I kept the power cable plugged in. I returned it.Bought the product to replace a prior phone that had a cracked screen. Set up was easy to transfer prior account thru Net 10 and the price for the phone was cheap. If your looking for an android phone you need look no farther.Well I would give you a review of this phone.. had Net10 included the battery, but they didn't so I will give Net10 a rating of 1 star for providing not just providing incompetent service, but not being able to package a product properly as well. The blister packed worked perfectly by the way.I've had this phone for over a year. One of my favorite things about it is that besides being a reliable Samsung, I can assign different ringtones to each person. A lot of phone still don't do that and it bugs me. The one thing I do not like is the internet browser is from the dinosaur age. Mine, now just goes to a white screen, it can't handle the newer internet. I need to get a new phone and I don't want to I loved this phone...darn internetok cheapOMG, I paid $19.99 for this phone at Radio Shack and I thought it was a killer deal. This phone is on sale here at Amazon at the amazing low price of $9.99!!! I like this phone because it boots up fairly fast. I do have problems with certain large headphones having difficulties inserting the headphone jack into the phone.It's a good basic phone. It dont have a lot of bells and whistles because its not a smartphone. It does run on Verizon and I have never had a droped call. If you just want a basic phone or a "cheap" phone until you get a new smartphone (like I did) its perfect!Don't buy from this person one of the phone was already used and don't work net 10 told me to post this thanksI don't use a smartphone much due to limited reception in my office area. But I like the features on a smartphone. So I didn't want to pay a lot or get stuck in a contract. I got this phone for about sixty on sale (wow, Amazon, that was pretty sweet!) and I'm delighted with it. It does more than my old Nokia X2 and I can always upgrade to full smartphone service if I need to. Right now, I have this on pay-as-you-go T-Mobile with my current SIM chip and don't do email or Web. I could change to PlatinumTel and even pay less on texting, and pay 10ct per 10MB of data--enough for email. I don't stream video or do internet on the phone--just need access to email on occasion. The setup was not bad, but took some time. I had the SIM chip (the T-Mobile) in the phone and was able to call and text. However, there was a bit of trouble with the reset--you hold the volume, the camera-on and the power buttons down simultaneously, and as soon as it vibrates, you release the power button but hold the rest until the REFORMAT screen appears. If you get the Download Mode Screen, you have to pop out the battery, power down (just powering down via the button doesn't work as it freezes at this point.) Then try again. I had to try quite a few times to get that screen up. The reformat is necessary for your SIM card to recognize the new phone. I was able to load the stored phone numbers from the previous phone, then access voicemail. The sound was a lot better than my previous phone and the operation on a touch screen is easy. I was not able to find a number of apps I wanted, as Windows Phone is not as popular as Android and that is not as popular as Apple. You'd think, with Windows OS being huge in computers, that there'd be more connectivity to phones, but it is definitely the 3rd best phone OS. Has a way to go. I was able to put it on my home WiFi and link the Bluetooth to my car handsfree system with no trouble at all. For the price, this is a great, functional phone. It isn't the be-all-end-all of phones, but for someone like me who is not a heavy cell phone user, it is delightful. I am very happy with it and I may either use my old Nokia as a backup emergency phone or donate it to those organizations who give phones to soldiers for calling home.Phone came unlocked and ready to use. I like windows as i find asy to use. This has windows 7.5. It takes great pictures, although the camera has a small dark spot and everytime I take a picture, there is a small dark spot in every photo, I have learned to live with it since I dont take much pictures. It has a durable and strong screen. After a year of using it, it started giving me problems were it would freeze and turn off on its own constantly for several weeks. I had to reset the phone to its original settings, I had to lost all my apps, photos, videos etc. Phone works fine now, but I am being more careful with what i download since I think that is what caused it to malfunction. I was able to restored all my contacts since they are link to my email account. Not the photos or apps, those I had to restore again. I am using the pohone with simple mobile, I was told by simple mobile that since the phone it is an AT&T brand, it is the reason I cannot send photos vis msn, because there is something the at&t brand had block and cannot be unlocked. That if I connect the phone with at&t I would be able to send photos via msn. For the same reason I cannot use the phone's integrated gps. In other words 5 functions that comes with the phone you cannot use them unless you connected with at&t. But you can work your way around it if you just download the right app. I use whatsapp to be able to send pictures and a gps app I downloaded.I ordered the Samsung Focus I917 unlocked phone because the price was good and I wanted to test out Windows 7 OS. My carrier is Consumer Cellular and a 2nd sim card from them was free plus adding the phone to my account is just 10 dollars a month. I received the card and phone on the same day, inserted the card and voila, I was making calls. Before doing that I inserted a 32 gig microSD card so now I have a ton of memory to work with. Setting up wireless with my home network was a snap and using the USB connection to download the updates and apps I want was easy (GPS, Google stuff, etc.). I had to download those things because the phone is pre-loaded with AT&T proprietary apps and no AT&T account, no working apps. The nicest surprise I got was that Windows office is preloaded. I had to set up Skydrive on my both my home PC and the phone but now I can download and edit documents (word, excel, powerpoint) whenever I like. What wasn't nice was that cellular data connection wasn't working. At first I was blaming it on the phone not being unlocked but that wasn't the case, a call to Consumer Cellular support and 5 minutes later I was using my cellular data connection to the web. So, bottom line: its not going to be perfectly set up out of the box and may require working with your carrier service but once its set up, its great. If you have to consult with your cellular carrier you'll need your IMEI number. It'll speed things up if you already have it and you can get it by dialing *#06# on your phone and writing down the number for their use. Oh, you need to install ZUNE onto your PC, I'm not particularly impressed with it but its no big deal, I only use it to sync music anyway.If you are wanting to give a Windows smart phone a try this phone I highly recommend it. It's a nice solid phone. I've had mine for 4 months and I'm still pretty happy with it. The back is plastic with good looking pinstripes and some might complain that adding a certain cheapness to it but I disagree. It still looks great and very easy to remove if necessary and if made from metal would only increase overall weight and probably be a little trickier to remove having to line up slots just right. As it is it snaps off and on with ease. The overall feel is good and solid with nice curved edges making it a good looking phone as well. The 5 mega-pixel camera takes good pics too. The Super-Amoled touchscreen is great and easy to see in almost all light conditions even under a bright sun. The Windows os; as far as I can tell I like it. I can't comment on the Android or ios as I haven't used them. I can only say that what I've read is that Android is a mess. It is by far the most popular and looks like it will be for sometime. It appears that Google has very low if any standards in place for phone manufactures. Many of them with the hardware needed to fully run Android. Windows has placed standards on how Windows phones should be made so they run smoothly with little or no issues and at the same time keeping requirements at a level to keep accessible to most consumers. Most comments I've read about I phones is that while at one time cutting edge are not anymore as their platform is getting stale, have run out of ideas, running on brand only. Windows was designed with the user in mind to have an interface easy and intuitive to use and customizable enough for almost everyone and have become the one with the ideas now. There are some caveats I'd like to point out. The button placement could be better. The lock-screen button is directly opposite of the volume and too easy to press when trying to adjust volume. The light sensor works and locks the screen when making a phone call but not when putting it in a pocket or purse. It won't automatically lock itself leading to pocket calls, pictures of your pocket and voice commands. The only way to prevent this is to remember to press the lock-screen button. One of my fears is this button wearing out fast from having to use it so much. Most of these phones will be AT&T phones so be prepared. They have Windows 7.5 and no plan or talk to release any update. There are several work-arounds to this. One being to plug phone in to computer, start the Zune software, click on phone update under the settings then unplug the internet connection from the computer after 2 or 3 seconds. It's real tricky to say the least and one that I couldn't ever get to work. There is a cab file to download on your computer and do it that way. The easiest is an application called seveneighter that will do the whole thing for you. I used that method a month ago without any problems. I recommend going to the windowsphone subreddit for any help you might need. Samsung has a user manual available on their website with many tips and information not available anywhere else. Windowsphonehacker.com has the seveneighter file that I mentioned to update your phone with great help articles as well.I have owned a Samsung Focus for two and a half years now. It was my primary phone until the Lumia 920 came out in November. Since then, I keep my Focus around when I travel out of the country and in situations where I would not want my primary phone to get lost or damaged. My first Focus lasted over 18 months, surviving frequent drops, tosses, pockets with keys, heavy rain and other disasters. This is much better than any cell phone I had used up until that point. I finally managed to crack the screen dropping down some cement steps. I replaced it with an HTC Surround, which barely lasted 4 months under the same conditions. After the HTC phone died, I went and got a new unlocked Focus on Amazon. Though tough, the phone is a finger print magnet. It also feels really cheap and lightweight. For all their cool kit inside, Samsung never produced a phone that looks and feels as expensive as it is. The hardware on the phone was great in 2010, and still feels pretty good today. The AMOLED screen is bright and very vibrant but a little pixelated. The Sound is pretty good. The phone uses NAND memory, which is faster than many SD card based phones. There is an expandable SD card slot (the only Windows Phone 7 device to have one), and the removable battery is a huge plus when traveling. Tinkerers will like the Focus too. That SD card comes in handy, and the unlocked boot loader allows you to flash custom Windows Phone ROMs. You won't be getting Windows Phone 8, but you can flash to 7.8, however. Right now, there are only a few games and apps that require WP8 (Temple Run, Modern Combat 4 are two examples). At $100, this phone is less than half the cost of a budget Lumia 520. The phone is certainly cannot keep up with high end phones today, but it does not feel slow or obsolete like Android phones from 2010.This is a good phone, is really fast and slim. You have the mango update right away after you connected the phone to your computer. The screen is really good. The camera is really nice too, good pictures. Windows Phone 7.5 is really good, you got facebook and twitter integration. The zune marketplace for music and bing search that is really good, you can search for songs even if you don't know the names. Not everything is perfect battery life is only for one day, you have to charge it everyday. You don't have skype and sugarsync apps but they said they are coming soon. The bad part of Windows Phone 7.5 is that you need to integrate the memory card to the file system. Its not hot swap and also you cant transfer files with the memory card because it gets formatted during the integration process. The The only way to transfer files to the phone is by mail or skydrive. With the Focus you don't get the Hotspot feature. For the user that is in Venezuela you can use the marketplace, i am in El Salvador. You have to configure the phone in the regional settings for USA and also your Hotmail or live account for USA. If can live without the SD card is really a good phone that has really good features and can compete with android or IOSReturned this item for a refund, not only because it was defective, but poorly designed as well (despite what the experts say) and because the Microsoft 30-day free music download appears to be a deliberate scam. As for the phone, the exterior Power On and Camera On buttons sometimes did not work. The touchscreen button for taking photos sometimes did not work. When positioning the camera lens, the screen constantly switches to a non-camera app, forcing you to start all over. The onscreen keyboard is infinitesimally small, so mistakes are a constant. As for the operating software, you cannot download the current Windows 8, but are stuck with Windows 7. When I downloaded and started playing music (courtesy of the so-called free trial), the phone shut down but kept playing the songs, so I had to remove and re-insert the battery to regain control of the device. When charging the device, the charge indicator screen never seemed to be the same one twice, and sometimes there was no indication at all of anything going on. (I eventually discovered that there's a little pull-down indicator at the top of the screen, but initially thought the battery or the charger did not work.) As for that free music trial, I clicked the "Cancel this subscription" on the Zune Marketplace screen, after connecting the device to my desktop computer. No sweat right? Wrong. This just takes you to Microsoft XBox login screen. After entering your password, MS says it still needs to "verify" who you are by sending a code to your email address. After retrieving and entering that, you select "Account", only to find that there is no cancel option anywhere to be found. The long, convoluted instructions for canceling provided by MS explain that you have to change your payment method first, although this guide doesn't correspond to the screens you actually see. At any rate, after changing away from the automatic renewal option as instructed, there is no message indicating the trial is cancelled and you're not allowed to remove your credit card info from the system. On another screen, you're instructed to call XBox to cancel a subscription. Going down this new rabbit hole, you're instructed to fill out a page with your request and provide your phone number so MS can call you in 2 minutes. But after you submit the request, you get an error message saying it didn't work and you should try again later. Boy, last time I check, this sort of con game involving interstate commerce was outlawed by the FTC. The only recourse seems to be waiting for the charge to show up on the credit card and disputing it through your bank.I had this phone for about three years and enjoyed it very much. The flash is VERY bright. It takes good quality pictures when the flash is being used or when you are in a very brightly lit area. But again, the flash is VERY bright. I enjoyed the window's phone setup. I didn't much care for the marketplace. However, the phone itself is a very solid phone. I dropped it in my dog's water bowl..I let it dry out for a while and it worked! However, it was a bit glitchy after that but what do expect when it has been submerged in a bowl of water? I still use it to this day( even though I have a new phone) because its almost like having a very small computer. It was money well spent. If I hadn't dropped it in the water, and it was compatible with Verizon, I would still be using it.This is my fourth Samsung Focus. I am not especially careful with phones, so my third issue dropped into a certain bathroom receptacle when I wasn't looking. I am still holding out for a 64gb Nokia Lumia 1020 to become available in the US. Until then, I'm Fine with the Focus. All my replacements have come from Amazon, and this last phone is working as satisfactorily as the first three. I have installed a 32GB SD card again and loaded up 35.9 GB of music, pics, and apps. All my calendar, contacts and mail have synced through my Microsoft account, and all is well again. This phone came through Amazon merchant BREED. They followed up on my Prime two-day shipment with an email, to check that the phone was working well: unusual, in my experience, and appreciated. Thanks Samsung and Amazon again, and BREED this time.I didn't expect much especially because the box it came in was completely open, but luckily the phone was intact. This phone is great. It's fast, responsive and the colors are vibrant. It's super easy to use and intuitive. I like the Windows layout. Camera's not bad. I need to play around with it more, but it seems to have a lot of options and the first pic I took came out decent (not bad since the lighting where I took it was mediocre). I was able to connect to the Wifi right away and it accepted my TMobile sim card with no problems at all. I'm really happy with this phone especially for the price I got it for. Was used but looks and works like new. Thanks Amazon!This phone is incredible, and for $100 you're getting a screaming deal. I think the windows phone software is really really nice, and the screen on this phone fits it very well. With an AMOLED screen, black is actually black, so in many respects, the screen beats out even iphone screens. True the resolution is a bit lower, but the infinite contrast ratio is hard to beat. It takes great pictures, it's quick. I just wish I could use google as my default search engine, and I miss Siri sometimes. This phone uses the same bands as the iphone 4. That means that those of you hoping to use it on T-mobile will have 3G in some places, (everywhere T-mobile has "refarmed" their towers to work on 1900Mhz.)Bought mine from, Unlocked Cellphone Kings for $247US. I must say this, I am more than happy with my purchase. It came in the original Samsung Box, no AT&T branding, I received a USB cable, an Earpiece, a Battery, the Device of course and a charger to power this beauty up. NOTE: (Its Unlocked as mentioned and also a world phone.) Along with this purchase, I also bought a Zagg Invisible Shield and installed it right after unboxing. Shipping only took 2 days and the packaging was done professionally. -- Love my Samsung Focus.This was my first time buying a 'unlocked' phone on amazon so I was a bit worried. I read that it can use any provider as long as it has a sim card. I use a provider that is local based only so I was somewhat hesitant, but it works like it said it would. It came when the delivery said it would and I've been fiddling and adding contacts so far. I like how fast it is and it definitely doesn't seem like a 'older' smartphone. It's very sensitive, which I had to get used too. It also doesn't seem like it can break easy and isn't really flimsy. I like the design of it, but I'm a bit disappointed that I can't use the AT&T GPS without signing a 10 dollar a month free. That's not really that big of a deal as there's a built in app called "Maps' That does basically the same. It finds your locations very quickly and is basically like a map quest. The Wifi works perfectly as well and it's pretty fast. Overall I'm pleasantly surprised and would buy another unlocked phone on here! I really like the phone so far and can't wait to fiddle around with it more!Changed from an iPhone 3G to this, have to admit that Microsoft/Samsung did a great job in the Software/Hardware tandem. This phone is fast, the screen looks amazing and the sound is pretty impressive for a cel phone. The price is affordable and surprising. When you start with Windows Phone 7 is a breeze of fresh air vs other mobile OS, once upgraded to Mango then you gain a lot of features like multitasking, copy/paste and live notifications. The BIG problem here is the Marketplace: The developers are not publishing here at the same rate or quality than iOS or Android...sure, it's a secure Market (due to Microsoft filters) but lacks content. The BIGGEST problem comes when you are not from US (like me) and, in order to be able to purchase apps, need to migrate to a non-US Market...the apps here (worldwide Market) are terrible or non-existent at most, the games are far from decent and Bing maps barely identifies mayor streets on capital cities. These issues needs to addressed by Microsoft ASAP, there is no way they could try to compete with Apple or Google seriously with so much restrictions on app publishing on other Markets. Pros: Cheap Fast Great Screen Mango Update makes the OS shine Lightweight Cons: Marketplace Battery LifeI have now had the phone for a day. The build is great, screen is beautiful and the O/S is really nice, clean, well thought out and intuitive. I would say this is about as good as an iPhone competitor as one might find-in some ways, even better. I do have one serious problem with the phone though...many web sites do not render properly! Would anyone know why? Is it a setting or the way the phone was built? If I can not figure it out, I will have to return the phone. I can deal with the lack of apps but at this point, I can not deal without a better functioning browser. Thanks for your help. I have now used the phone for about 2 weeks on a regular basis...no problems with web rendering...I don't know what was wrong. I bought this phone as an unlocked phone to use on GSM when traveling and now I have a problem; when I am home, I use a iPhone on Verizon..( I did have iPhones on AT&T previously), but now that I am home it is difficult to decide which I prefer, the iPhone or the focus. In many ways the windows phone is actually easier to use then the iPhone. The only downside for now seems to be the lack of apps on the Windows phone but I am sure, that will change. Of course the other consideration when home is the fact that Verizon's service is much better then either tmobile or AT&T. Either way, the windows o/s is top notch and given a bit more time, could easily present a challenge/alternative to a iPhone. By the way, I have also used a Droid Pro previously and I must admit, I prefer the windows o/s versus android!Phone cames with hands free earphones and travel charger, wich has a usb connector, so you use the same cable to charge device or connect to pc to transfer music, pictures, videos and software updates via ZUNE. ZUNE installs automatically when your windows seven detects the phone via windows update. contacts and calendar syncs with the microsoft cloud, so bye bye outlook and active sync, for good you dont need office license anymore to sync and backup your contacts and calendar, just an hotmail account and you are set.. i recommend for this matter to use a very strong password.im very impressed with this phone.the battery life was a huge importance to me since i have had terrible luck with battery life in the past with other phones.especially blackberrys..it lasts atleast 15 hours on average!! it does take a bit longer to charge because it does have a large battery pack.but since smartphones use more power.it kinda needs the large battery.browsing the internet on it is amazingly fast and doesnt crash back to the home screen a lot like the iphones have done to me so many times.the speaker phone is loud and clear.the display is extremly beautiful.wow.the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.but oh well everything else makes up for it.there are so many pros than cons.i have my xbox live account synced with it so when i tap the xboxlive app tile it shows my avatar.i can customize that right from the phone.look at whos on there xbox and what they are playing! you can even write them messages to them on there xbox from your phone! the flash is very bright.it can even make taking pics outside in complete darkness and light up everything in the photo unlike a lot of phones that light things up but not like its daylight.everything about this phone destroys apples iphones in every way to me except the library of apps.they have the important ones to my liking.but they are growing!! my facebook is synced with my contacts list and so every contact i put in is link with there facebook with everyones status update next to there names and profile pic.this phone is just convenient in a lot of ways.i totally recommend it.i used this phone for about 2 months and so far it is good. i added a 16gb memory card and a hardcase. updated to mango and it works great. only thing, when i am on a call i get this black screen and i can not end the call until other person hangs up. i bought two of this phone and other one is working just fine. i tried resetting it but it didnt help. its frustrating that i have to wait for the call to be ended by the receiver especially if no one answers and i have to wait until voice message come on. any fix for this problem?Bought this for my father 9 months ago And phone surprisingly still going strong . He loves it great for beginner smartphone user It's stuck on windows 7.5 so of u looking for 8 or up then don't buy .but for a beginner smartphone user who wants to dip his feet into the smartphone world without any of the bells and whistkes other phones have then this is great . ( at time of purchase price was great )I started using it just last week. It has exceeded my expectation , i must say. It was released in 2010 , but it was infact much ahead of time, no other contemporary phone is still as smart as it is. The body is sleek , easy to handle. Camera and video quality is excellent. Touchscreen can not be any better. Lots of app are available , so definitely i would recommend anyone who wants to buy a smartphone at a reasonable price. 8 gb internal memory is a plus, as no other unlocked phone at this price offers such a big amount of internal storage. However , you may face some problems using external sd card. The phone came with windows phone 7.0 operating system. The apps were not available then , because 7.0 is a too old operating system to render the current web pages. Then i upgraded it to 7.8 , the change is amazing. Now, it's just like a new phone released 4 months ago.This phone is a waste of money. It lasted only 3 months before it started malfunctioning. It constantly restarts (between 5-13 times a day), which can be very annoying as it will do it at random - in the middle of phone calls, playing music, heck, while it is laying perfectly still on a desk charging overnight. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!! Don't just listen to me though, just do some research and you will see just how many problems this phone has.The phone arrived on time, in its original packaging and all accessories included. The screen quality is excellent, phone is beautiful. Love love loved it! The call quality is excellent. I needed to upgrade the os to use some of the feature. It took about an hour, but once that was done the phone run smoothly. Problems: Battery life is poor, but this improved with the battery saver feature. There is no way to lock the screen when receiving a call, so you end up pressing end or hold, which can be very frustrating. I don't know whether it is a software or hardware problem. The windows operating system is also a little rigid with few options to personalize your phone. Apart from that great phone sold at a great price!The unit I received had a bad battery that would not take a charge so I returned the phone to Amazon. What concerned me is that it was supposed to be unlocked but it had all ATT programs on it. Since I couldn't get it to charge, I did not have an opportunity to put in another SIM card to make sure it would be functional. Does nobody check these things before they go out? Very frustrating to have to return it.this phone is awesome, and windows phone 7 is a very stable op system. i love this phone. puts my old nokia e71 to shame, though the nokia is a good phone. HOWEVER, when I received the phone and proceded to update, it wouldn't cooperate i researched the issue on the internet, and it seems to be a common problem turns out that my phone had demo firmware on it well, instead of contacting the seller and going through that mess, i found the retail ROM online. i ended up using a rom sender and switched the demo with the retail, and it updated right away. i can't say if the seller was aware of the demo firmware being on the phone, but be careful if your phone turns the screen on by itself every couple of minutes, chances are you have a demo model. I decided to put a custom rom on it, and it is the best phone I have ever had if you want a custom rom, use keywords "dark forces team" or "voluptuary" i have voluptuary's on mine. definitely a good phone for the money, and wp7 is awesome!!!The firstone I got was dead quickly returned and got another one. Works great so far. Up graded OS to 7.5 easilyand got a few apps that all work well and run fast. I use the phone mainly as a phone and I must say the sound quality on calls both ways is the best I have ever had on a cell phone. In the past I have had Nokias, Motorolas, LGs and other Samsungs but none of them have ever come close to the call clarity and volumn as this Focus.The delivery was stressful, being I paid for EXPRESS delivery and It still arrived at the standard speed.. So that SUCKED!!! Then, packaged was recieved well, brand new, everything included as stated, nothing more, nothing less. At first glance after turning it on and having my network run it, I will admit slight disappointment, being that without its update, the phone is pretty much locked from all it's features; in other words, you will REQUIRE a windows computer with Internet access in order to do its software update. However, once all that is done with, this phone is AMAZING!! I never had a windows phone previous to this one, but I don't think I'll ever go back to Android, Blackberry, nor IOs ever again!!!! Windows is definitly the future!! Am a fully satisfied costumer, though the minus 1star is for the delivery process!My back and search capacitive buttons work when they feel like it, I got a faulty unit. The phone OS is great, coming from an Omnia 2 and a nokia E71 I can tell you that WP7 satisfied my geeky needs more than enough. I give it 3 stars because of the capacitive buttons issue, otherwise it would be a perfect 5. I guess i'm the only one with this problem because I couldn't find anything about it on google. Will I recommend you buying a "no warranty" unit? I can honestly tell you that I wont. Up to you reader. Update: It seems to happen to a lot of people. Here's a thread on the subject on microsoft answers:[...]Got this for my husband to use for work. It was our family's first and LAST Windows phone. Most of what he didn't like was Windows related. After a few months he started having trouble charging the phone, or the phone would quickly loose its charge. He switched back to Samsung S6 Android and loves that phone.I have to admit that I went by reviews in choosing this phone, and did not to proper research, other than reviews. I bought two of these obsolete Windows phones. They both have battery issues. They overheat and do crazy things. They overheat to the point that they may be dangerous. They came with no warranty, which should have been a red flag. MY FAULT!! That having been said, save your money!!!!!! Do research on issues in the geek blogs, not on reviews, which are not reliable. I even called Samsung for support and had to talk to several people before I got to someone who even knew anything about this product Incidentally, this phone and some other models of Samsung Smart Phones are notorious for BLOWING UP! Caveat Em tor, Baby! 'Nuff said!So the samsung focus what can i say. well lets start with the good stuff. the 4 inch screen is great, pictures truly come alive on the screen. the camera is ok, the marketplace is easy to manage, the live tiles realy does give the phone a different feel when compared to the static icons on other phones so generally its a decent phone however and here's the downsides, it requires an update to the 7.5 to have access to the marketplace, this is a timely drag. its not compatible with most sd cards, it turns on when it is charging, you can't customize ringtones(really) and last but not least i bought two of these and one of them just stopped working after three months just upped and died. after checking the phone online a few other folks had a similiar experience. so the windows experience is 5 star , the focus is not.Phone itself was fine and a good size operating screen. Call volume wasn't very good even at its highest setting. The phones Windows7 Software update never worked. I called a MS Windows store they were no help and then called MS Windows tech support they would not help with software/update errors. I returned the phone for an android and glad i did.As my tittle state good phone for the price. Pros cheap, descent camera with awesome flash, amoled display and the phone doesn't log so for since I've been using it. The audio play back good clean. #The phone comes unlock# Cons cheap poor battery life only last one day and a couple hours long even if you dont use it that much for a new phone you wont get 2 and half day out of this phone when idle. I had to disable some of the features to get more out of the battery. The material make up the phone is cheap, this phone would be better if it was an android phone instead of windows. You will have to format the phone with the memory card to get it recognize your memory card.The vibration is low :( I would recommend this phoneI asked for a speedy delivery and got it! Great phone and OS. I especially like the fact it has MicroSD capability. 3G is fine by me. Camera is adequate for all of my needs and Windows ROCKS! Fast. Smooth. Apps work with my PC. Call volume is fine. Came as advertised. "This is the second one I've bought (my son's then mine); and my wife asked me to buy her one after seeing mine! As you might expect I love these phones!"I ordered 2 of these, one for me and the other as a gift. Just received them today. I was shocked to find out that this device has terrible signal while my much older phone maintains good reception. Right out of the box, one phone does not charge at all! The other drops calls, isn't able to send texts, and cannot access apps at all. A complete waste of my money and time. Definitely want to return these defective items. The kicker is, there is a $35 restock fee for each item! Yes, I now have to pay $70 just because I want to return crappy phones. Will not be making any more Amazon purchases for a very long time. Extremely dissatisfied.Samsung has a winner here, I have had this phone for close to a year, and could not be happier. Upgraded (free) to Win 7.5 ops and it is flawless.Ease of use, dependability, quality of the Winphone experience in perfect balance with a high quality Samsung instrument. Better than the Iphone.Plenty free applications for this smart phone, and made this phone as smart as old version iPhones. However, "focus is really out dated. there isn't enough support from either at&t or Samsung. however, there is a solution. "Zune software for your PC" it's free to download at Zune software for your PC | Windows Phone 7 | Windows Phone How-to | Windows Phone (United States) it will sync outdated Windows7 phone, but it will take a long while to cycle download/restart/download/restart. it's no fun, but at the end you will get all apps, and that will make your day, or night."This phone stopped working within two months after purchase (bought May 2014 and it died July 2014). After 8 weeks of use, it began to randomly die and then not turn back on. I was traveling internationally and was greatly inconvenienced by the phone's stopping to work. I would not advise purchasing this phone because I paid $100 for it and expected to use it for at least a year. I treat my phone well with screen protectors and phone covers. I also don't do much beyond texts, calls, a few pictures, etc., so there is no way the phone had too much within its storage/usage.I bought two of these phones. They are too good for such a low price. I've had several phones but this is only next to my iPhone 5. The two people I gave them to have requested for 2 more. In this case I have ordered for 3 so as to give away one myself. Please do not increase the price; I shall buy more. Moses Musaazi, Kampala, Uganda.We bought this to use with Net10. The only complaints so far is that you cannot take a picture and text it to someone through Net10 with this phone. Also, it kicks off of our Wi-Fi a lot, which is a pain. But otherwise it takes decent pictures, and works well. Good call quality and signal.This Phone is fast and works very smooth I'll give it that.....but the screen completely SUCKS!!!!you can actually see the space between the pixels which make any color looked washed out...you cannot notice it(in the internet) in pictures or video clips. It is very annoying looking at a picture or icon and seeing the tiny minuscule dark specs between the pixels--color looks WASHED OUT!!before you buy this phone go to a place that have it on display on turned on and compare it to an lg or HTC Evo, you'll see what i mean...hell even my lg optimus v(way lower resolution) looks better than this crap....returning it ASAP.........already got burned with the "Intercept" and the WiFi only galaxy tab(POS) this the 3rd and last Samsung tablet/phone i will ever buy.....the "Samsung Galaxy 5.0 Android MP3 Player" is nice thoughI purchased this phone a few days ago to replace my LG Thrive. I researched the phone to double check it is compatible with AT&T's GoPhone Prepaid program and sure enough it is (AT&T sell this phone in their GoPhone section only at $499). The phone was delivered the day after in good condition and it was sold by BLUTEKUSA. The phone looks new and has no noticeable fingerprints or marks that would indicate it's been used, although the box it came in was obviously opened before. It came with the phone, charger, and a pair of headphones. The Samsung Focus is pretty easy to set up. It asks for date and time as well as a Windows Live ID which can be synced with later if so desired. The screen is beautiful, Super AMOLED making the display rich in brightness and color. There are physical buttons for the Power button, Camera, and Volume Control. It's plastic, so the phone is pretty light, although to the point where one might consider it cheap. The back is a thing plastic case that snaps onto the phone. Taking off the back is a bit on the scary side as I felt I might have snapped it the few times I tried. Overall the phone is a nice build just not one that screams high quality. The Camera takes really good pictures and I was impressed with the 720p video recording as well. Again, not high-end, but it's above average nonetheless. I updated the Samsung Focus to Windows Mango and the software is fantastic. The interface is easy on the eyes and is smooth. I have not seen any hiccups on this phone even though it only comes with 512mb ram, although that seems to be a restriction from Microsoft. To me, it has just as much polish as iOS (the operating system that the iPhone/iPad run) although it lacks a lot of the customization of Android (not really missing it). It integrates Facebook and other social network clients into one area and so far I love it. The keyboard is easy to use as well and have not had any trouble misspelling words. *Edit* Fixed problem with the SIM Card. This phone is excellent. Windows Phones are under appreciated.Even dough it is a quad-band phone...it won't work with some networks.After I bought it and try to use it in Canada...all networks operate on 1700MHZ (WIND and MOBILICITY) did not work! Very user friendly.....if it works. Ps: Amazon.com were great with shipping.Very unhappy. The box came open, it makes me think lime is used. This phone brings an operating system that should be updated (wp7) but it turns out the connection on the usb port does not work which precludes performing any data transfer. offer a new product in perfect condition and it was not what I got.Excellent phone; it's really unlocked; you can use whatever sim card on it When I turn it on for the first time I had few issues (can't download apps, can't copy and paste text ...), but all problems disappeared once I upgraded the Windows OS from 7 to 7.5 (this required installing Zune 4.8 on my computer, then checking for updates). The upgrade took around 1 hour (for 3 downloads).This is a good smart phone. It's not blotted with a lot of apps. The phone comes with windows 7 and will update to windows phone 7.5 or 7.8 depending which carrier you go with. My phone is running 7.8 and it works flawless. Yes this phone came out 3 years ago but it is still a very good phone!The price for this phone is really amazing, it does everything a phone twice as expensive does. All the aplications run really smooth,it never crashes. Try running fruit ninja in a $200 android phone and you will see how slow it runs, in this phone it runs with no problems. I bought this phone for my son and I was so impressed that I am going to buy a windows phone. The way it integrates your social networks its really great, and I like the fact that you have all your games imside xbox live and not spread all over the place. I also like the fact that the tiles are bigger, that way is easier to type them. So overall a really great phone, try a windows phone you will not regret it!just brilliant the way the windows OS in this phone integrates all your stuffs i.e social networks, mails, etc, the 1 ghz processor is quite proficient, you can actually see movies from streaming sources with no problem, two importants things were improved in newers versions that this one haven't: front camera and ecualizer integrated available when you are listening music, the bad news is the battery incluided doesn't last long, but you can buy a 3500 ma extended one and solved problem!!, i plenty sure this phone has the best cost/benefits relation ever for all smartphones i've owned.the title of this product is unlocked phone, but at the pictures of this phone, i can see very well the logo of AT&T on the top, i can not understand why the pictures include AT&T, but finally, i love this phone, the original price was $399, but right now is $109, MMMUUUUAAA AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHI bought this phone for my father and I'm very disappointed. This phone worked great for a week and then whenever you call its screen goes off and the only way to unlock it to restart the phone or if someone will hang from other side. Second problem it shows locked screen all the time, i changed SIM, Battery to test and no change. I am not even able to go in settings due to this. And the worst scene there is no warranty. So this phone is useless for me. I will never suggest this phone to anyone, very disappointed and I feel like I have been scammed.This was a good purchase and I really like the phone. It takes great pictures and does good videos. Just as good as an apple and costs so much less. I have no regrets buying this phone.The phone itself seems to be new, however it comes with an older style charging cable only. I had to buy a data cable at at&t which doesn't seem to be the oem cable but rather a generic micro usb charge cable so I can't update the phone. This is a problem because i can't access the marketplace as this is 7.0 and is no longer supported. Otherwise it's a good price and a fast and snappy product.UPDATE: Just make sure you get the right sync cable or the computer won't recognize it. Amazingly smooth and quick especially after Mango update.Once again, a product developed half way. Hardware: once your battery is completely drained, you can not recharge it completely using this device. Software: It is in between a smart-phone and a dull-phone. Lacks of so many features. If you are used to Android, this is a nightmare. I was not able to configure the phone to use the internet with another provider, even it is sold unlocked.Wow, not a great product. I'm an Apple guy, but surprisingly, i actually like the layout of this Windows phone! However, its battery life is terrible, and goes off by itself sometimes. Makes it really not worth it...We purchased this phone in September--delivered on September 19. Was working great until this past Saturday when we decided to "update" the phone as per the "update" messages on the phone. As soon as the updates were complete and the computer screen gave the OK to use the phone again, we turned it on and then the phone went crazy!!!! It kept turning itself on and off. We called Samsung directly and they had us hard boot the phone. After several attempts, the hard boot completed, but the problem was still the same. I know the description says no warranty, but if this is a "new phone" as advertised, I would think we should be able to get our money back (or replacement). Planning to call to selling company to see if that would be an option--if this truly was a "new phone", it should not have died after only six weeks of use. Very sad.I bought this cellpgine to use it un Venezuela with Movistar. I das worried because the cellphone says AT&T bit it works well with Movistar others companies like Movistar. I like the cellphone. The camera takes incredible photos. It is my first time with Windows phone but it is like androide. The only thing that I do not like is that I cannot Call with Skype directly from my contact list. I used to do that with Samsung. Galaxy.This Phone is not worth your money and time, don't waste it on it. I bought one and just worked for like 4 to 5 months, the last month it just started to shut down by itself and did get stuck on the logo Samsung, where you need to reboot just to repeat the cycle over and over again. Don't get me wrong, I love amazon, but this is the worst product I've ever bought online, I don't think amazon should be selling this.I was in the market for a new unlocked smartphone (for international travel) but didn't want to splurge $500-700 on an Iphone or Galaxy S. I stumbled upon the Focus and decided to give this Windows Phone a try. I'm glad to say that overall I've have a good experience with the phone, features (email, live tiles, facebook integration), and capabilities. I would now be interested in moving up the Windows Phone ladder with some of the Windows 8 offerings.Bought this cell phone in January and now it beeps all the time as if being charged. This causes the battery to drain really fast and the only way to stop the noise is to set it to vibrate. I've formatted and updated everything but it keeps beeping. I read on the net of several people having the same problem. Also the battery icon shows it to be charging even though it's not. Really disappointed in the quality of the hardware, WP 7.5 is great though. Nobody buys a cell phone expecting it to last 9 months for god's sake!! Samsung never again!!Awesome phone, simply amizing. Pros: -bright super amoled 4 inch screen -gorilla glass -light weight -solid construction -fantastic OS, smooth, fast, and the most important thing for me, bueauuuutifly designed -great price -fully updated with mango 7.5 os Cons -reboots maybe once a week for no reason -too much plastic -IE slooow and no other option to chooseI bought this phone to take with me to Africa and it has been a great purchase. It works very well and has not been a disappointment. I bought this phone from Wireless Experts in case you are looking for a reliable seller. I definitely recommend it. The only thing I have not been to pleased with was with the Windows operating system in the phone since I can't get some apps I used to get with an iPhone. But in general, this phone works great.I bought this phone, because I wanted to try out windows phone and I didn't want to pay much. It is some what outdated because of the OS on it, which is Windows Phone 7. (Windows Phone 8 is latest) The phone is fast and call quality is clear. The camera also works very well. I would recommend this itemthe only down side is windows is moving away from this platform. Zune pass no longer compatible with OS 7 cant update my music being forced to upgrade to a phone with windows 8 :( Its too bad bc I have had the phone for 3 years now and it still lasts for 2 days on a single charge. Really hate to see this one go.This phone is easy to use and easy to customize. I bought this for myself, my mom, and my aunt. My family laughed at the thought of me teaching them how to use a smart phone. All I can say is SUCCESS!!! If they learn how to use this with ease anyone can.This was my first time with a Windows phone and after the learning curve I starting learning more about the phone I found it easer to use. Just wish it had more of the same apps as the Android phonesThe phone itself is a little bit too thin to hold. A 4-inch screen is normal today, but I found it a little big for my thumb to touch the whole screen. The three buttons sometimes are too sensitive and it's easy to open up search application accidentally. The battery can only hold for about 12 hours, it is absolutely to buy a extra battery. In a word, it's a average WP7 phone and it's pretty natty if you don't care the amount of apps in windows market.The cellphone what great, I bought it for my mom b-day gift. Unfortunately one day its screen malfunctioned and burn :(IN SERCH OF NEW PHONE AND FOUND OUT THIS ONE WILL NOT TRANFER NUMBERS AND PICTURESS TO ANOTHER PHONE, WHAT THE HELL GOOD ES IT. VERY UNHAPPYI love this phone!This is my first windows phone.Before buying this phone I did some research in the net and I found quite better reviews about samsung focus amongst most windows phones. But I was little confused because I was a huge fan of HTC phones. After couple of days I finally went for Samsung focus.After using this phone, now I can say I made the right decision because I am loving it. Go for focus...........El equipo era el ofrecido. Entrega rpida. Lo tengo operando en colombia con la red de claro, muy buena velocidad. Es necesario actualizar el sofware con Zune, se actualiza a WP 7.5. La pantalla es muy buena , tiene gran resolucion, es muy completo el equipo. Por ahora lo unico malo que le veo, es el tema de la memory card, compre una con el equipo un kingston de 16 gb y ni siquiera la reconoce.Got this phone and the features in windows are awesome. No apple, no berries its just windows :) Just that the battery does not last long with 3G and wifi connected.This phone works flawlessly and even better after updating it thru Zune software installation. Easy to maneuver and operate intuitively since it's my first official smart phone/ Windows phone. We have android based smart phone and Kindle Fire, so I want something slightly different. This phone meets my expectation. Now I just need to learn how to arrange the tiles the way I like ... -----------------As of 9/8/12, my Focus kept on rebooting to the point the phone was no use anymore. The software was upgraded and the phone was even reset to manufacture's setting, yet still to no avail. Called Samsung, a polite gentleman with Hindi accent couldn't help me at all, and then the tech at Microsoft suggested to reset the phone back the manufacture's setting though he hinted the possibility the phone would be locked with AT&T again - I am with T-Mobile. Even tried a new battery and everything else I could think of; no, nada, I'am back to square one to find another phone now. This Windows Phone was very easy to use but too bad the software had a glitch. I've found quite a crowd encountering same dilemma as mine. Yes, it was a great phone while it lasted; and in my case, it lasted 5.5 months.The phone is not worth it. It is malfunctioning after two months. When the charger is not connected, it keeps making the dinging sound as if I am connecting it. I have to keep my phone on silent to keep from hearing the dinging. It also drains my battery. I paid a lot and cannot return it. I will never go for a phone without a warranty again.I am very satisfied with my phone I had gotten two one for my sonand jut love it.This is by far a great windows phone 7.5 experience. Great screen right size form factor. The only down fall is Samsung will not update to 7.8I got a damaged piece i guess .its battery discharges in half an hour and also it hangs often while surfing or texting . Hope to get replacement.I bought 2 phones through Amazon and I can not download any app through marketplace. I tried to generate username and password for windows but it didn't help. When I tried to connect with computer to update software, it couldn't recognize in my computer. Any suggestion how to download apps through marketplace?I purchased this phone hoping I could get a very nice smartphone at a good price. When I received the phone I was amazed at the quality of it. The picture looks amazing, the sound is great, and the touch screen seems better than an iPhone! I had an issue with the charging of the phone taking too long in the beginning, but am happy to say I no longer have an issue with that. This is a great phone that I would recommend to anyone!i rate the phone 5 stars because i like it what i dislike is that the box u pack it in was over too big and plus i did not get my head phonesI like it, but the "back button" does not work.It's time for me to upgrade to WP 8.1My son talked me into this phone and I am so glad he did. LOVE IT!!! And yes, an old dog CAN learn new tricks :)Probably the best phone I've ever had. Takes wonderful pictures.retuned ,,,not even worked,,yes,,,i did get refunded//Great Phone, Camara so so. Bought mine used so maybe the camera lens is scratched. The fun is sleek and fast. It dose all I need.being a phone that came out 2 years ago it still holds up among the latest today. i got it on sale so it was a no brainer. the screen looks amazing. for the price why not buy this phoneGreat quality for the price trust me. Fast, smooth and great battery life. Just buy it if you think you need an unlocked world wide carrier capable phone and hey! I'ts a windows phone! That's all i have to say.Shipped fast, phone was in great shape and working order. Slight burn-in on the screen from the screen being on for too long but nothing really major. Great product and service!It works better than described. Social integration along with the zune marketplace for apps and music is perfect for my needs.Very good!Purchased two unlocked phones but only one came unlock. Contact seller and received code to unlock phone. After numerous attempts I was able to unlock phone. I am now please with my purchase. I was going to return phone but decided to keep phone.The phone itself is set up well. However, if you are planning on using over seas, BEWARE. It is NOT fully unlocked as the ad states. Phone was purchased to use in Costa Rica. You can not use data (internet, e-mail etc...) in Costa Rica.even if there is no warranty the device should have work fro a few days and then give trouble but the phone should give trouble but it never came on at all tried to reset the phone and still the same problem so please note these guys that are selling products with no warranty naturally mean no good.this is a great phone. I love it very much. It is just great for my level of service since I have a pre-paid phone. Nothing to complain about so far.the phone is completely value for money. I have updated the phone to Mango version and its amazing. Windows Phone has all of the useful maps in marketplace. Voice clarity is good. Camera is OK. the screen and UI are the best part People interested in tweaking the phone can do it by a method called window break. I have enabled a lot of features using thatPerfect Phone. Thanks. The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED.User friendly. Great for what I need it for; email, internet, social media apps and ereading apps. Photos and videos come out great!GoodThis phone started having issues about 5 months aftyer I purchased it NEW! Started researching the problems and came up with a plethora of problems others are having with this unit. I have had issues with Samsung products in the past and decided to try one out again. BAD DECISION. I would say AVOID!Got this as a gift for my son and he loves it...said it was the best phone he's ever had since he was born, he only 14. LOLI am so disappointed. Brought this product on OCT 15, got it OCT 21 and it stopped working on 10november 2013. It has no warranty so, I was robbed. I wrote the company that supplied it and I never received a response. Don't know what to do.A brand new Samsung Phone Focus as advertised. Took the sim card out of an old HTC, put it in the unlocked Focus and we're back in business for a little over $100. Has more options and programs than I know what to do with even playing on the internet. Thanks Wireless Experts!!! Don Huberi had some issues with it at first, and i'm a bit upset with the lack of apps, but all in all, it's a great phone, it's fast and very easy to use...so overall, a great purchase.WP7 is the awesomest thing to come out of Seattle. Buy it. One gripe- when the screen is locked- wifi gets disconnected(to conserve battery) but data continues..so if you ve switched off data like me-push mail isnt exactly push. PROS Every thing else. Believe me..this is such an awesome phone..but if u can pay a few dollars more..buy the Lumia 710..its 300 bucks unlocked and a second gen device.. WP7 rocks. P.S get the extended battery for 15$, makes you phone 10 times better. WP7 will rule the mobile space soon! Im a believer!This is a great phone with all I wanted and I am not easy going. What I really miss is a Outlook synchronization which I just assumed wouold come with any Windows Phone. Man was I mistaken. Microsoft that really sucks. If you really need Outlook sync you better buy an IPhone or Android Phone which would have done also if I would have known.I have an android phone, and this one I ordered for my dad, who was looking for something interesting, easy to use and CHEAP, so I ordered the focus, and WOW, now I am hooked with the smooth and nice operating system and excellent pics and videos. I'm ordering a new one for me hehe... 100% recommended, and works just fine in VenezuelaI bought this phone as a replacement for a defective BLU Dash 4 android phone that I had to return. Have to say, for a 3 year old phone (updated to Windows 7.5) this is a much better product. Highly recommended if you can pick one up at the $100 dollar price point.I am completely irritated and will never purchase a phone though you again. The phone that I purchased was NOT unlocked (as it says in description). This is extremely irritating as we pay for data and are unable to use it!Unlocked phone correctly. It is an excellent phone. functions are fast. Excellent photography. Brought your screen saver and all the accessories. I recommend this phone and the seller is responsible and fast delivery.great phone, many features, versatile, and quality. a very nice lled sensitive display. i was a little scafy having a smartphone, but this one is very friendly and useful. reception is great, sou d is great. and the price wasnt that high.Like windows phone but love android better. Don't get the same apps as android or iOS, but overall it's a great phone.after some time of using i realize that the network signal was bad i had to go outside of buildings to get the signal to make or receive a call other than that phone is great and multifunctional for personal useIt came like new and everything was as described. The only downside about the phone is the OS, but it's not so bad.Product quit after one week. It's won't come on though I checked the battery and it's good. Since there's no warranty I guess I just have a frisbie. dthe product is fine as usual, but this time I received a big heavy box, my previous purchase of this very same phone was a lot more light.My phone sucks...I was wanting to get me a new phone and found this one....yeah!!! Then my son dropped and shattered the screen on his phone...he got the new windows phone, I still have a crappy phone. boooo!!GOODAwesome productThis is my third Samsung focus, I love it. have tried other Samsung they do not compare to the focus. Phyllis Jacksonville IlexcelenteI bought this phone at first for me and love it, then I bought it for my family members and we all using it - it has evrerything that smartphone needs and the price is not hight; it works perfectreally good price,,we send it to my mother in law to argentina unlocked and it works great over there,,best thing everGreat experienceThis Phone is great!!! Highly recommended device with nice software and easy to use interfase. Upgraded to latest buid in few minutes as soon as Mango was available. Only USB cable was missingMy phone seems lovely, but did arrive locked! After reading the usual babble on the web I simply called AT&T and within one minute I had the unlock code.I bought this and sent it back home . Even though it was a factory unlocked this phone didn't work. Also it a old phone that they change the case just to make it nice in appearance . Very badThe Samsung focus is an awesome phone I love it more than the iPhone, for it being an used phone the phone itself looks brand new and the graphics are eye-popping... Thanks amazon and bayside trading.just a month and stilll amazed witv this phone. Its excellent. Just concerned with its poor battery life . It depletes un 6 hours just surfing quickly few videos SMS and 4 short calls.This Samsung Focus i917 Unlocked Phone is affordable and dependable. The camera and video works good for me. It is unlocked and it works perfectly for my international textsPhone was shipped and arrived early. New in the box. I put in the SIM card and it worked right away. No problems so far with talk, text, and WIFI.Nothing against the seller, but this phone is so not what I needed. No reception versus the one I currently have that is older.This phone is a great deal for the price I paid. I have already recommended this phone to my friends and family. ThanksGood phone, however... small keyboard on the text messages No ability to make the keys bigger!!!! I wish I could fix this!!! Comment on this if their is a way to make the keys biggerexcellent product, i would recommend this for others.The amoled display is awesome, Its a light weight phone , very good rear cameraGreat phone.. Work well in Sudamrica in telefnica MOVISTAR or claro. Only update the OS and enjoy the phone ....Overall the phone was really good. The display was good. Even though it was used there weren't any scratches or dents visible.In English I feel cheated and deceived by this store Mercy. I bought this phone I was saying is that you have unlocked and locked bands since I can not use it in Venezuela. please i need my phone to be replaced by you who were the ones I sold this phone Samsung focus I917. IMEI 352982042840648 en espaol me siento estafado y burlado por esta tienda Mercy. Compr este celular que decia desbloqueado y resulta que tiene las bandas bloqueada ya que no puedo utilizarlo en Venezuela. por favor necesito que mi celular sea reemplazado por ustedes que fueron los que me vendieron este celular Samsung focus I917. IMEI 352982042840648The phone is very lite and stays charged for many days. The phone works on tmobile, but the internet data doesn't.I bought this for windows 7 phone application development and completely satisfied with the phone as it serves my purpose. Faster service- got the product within 4 daysWrong usb core included in the package. I have to use a wire of mine for charging and connecting to my PCI'm a bit unimpressed with this phone. I can't seem to access any of the apps and the battery dies very quickly.This Cell Phone arrived in perfect conditions, in the correctly time with all accessories. It's very nice and good cell!!My first smartphone and really pleased to opt for windows over iphone or android. Phone has exceeded all my expectations.The package arrived on time and it was brand new out of the box. For real, it was like I bought it brand new out the store.A very useful phone, if you are getting used to the windows operating system. Has amazing features for the priceMost of the installed apps didn't work properly. Marketplace only worked with music searches. Then found out that Microsoft has a new app store. Tried to get there using the built-in Internet Explorer but couldn't get any of the apps pages to load. Connected to PC and found out that you have to download and install Zune for the PC to communicate with the phone. Did that (which was slow) then tried to update phone software. Update process was verrrrry slow, the phone had to restart several times. Then phone froze while re-starting. Disconnected phone, turned on and off several times, took battery on and off several times, couldn't unfreeze it. This didn't come with a printed manual either, so had to download that. Discovered there's no reset button. I've owned several Nokia Symbian phones (am using an N8) and a couple of Android tablets. Windows is pure junk by comparison. Even Symbian, which is pretty much outdated, is a much more robust platform. Am returning this phone. The hardware seemed pretty much promising so it's a shame it had to have this operating system.I love the phone, its works perfectly but its too big and I'm not a fan of the shape either. Although the price was right.This was product a great and it was offered at a very reasonable price, for a phone of that stature.This product words wonderful .... It's was brought as a replacement for my daughters first Focus phone ... And she loves itprovider was fine and has allowed me to return itThis phone is great.It functions well with my laptop,being windows 7 also is a plus.Simple to use,updated to 7.5 easily.Was already a Zune fan and this works well for my music also. Plenty of apps available. Overall,simplicity being the key.The phone looks great and I thought had all I needed. My problem is trying to upgrade the software so I can access all the features. I have yet to get support from AT&T, Samsung, Windows, and others. I am able to use basic features but, it sucks not being able to do anything else. Anybody want a phone!I choose this rating because of the constant noise the phone is making. I tried to stop it but I couldn't.There is a noise and the battery is not charging. I left it on charge for one night and nothing happened. I would like to return it. Please let me know the policy and I will return it as soon as possible. ThanksI got this unlocked phone and has been a nightmare from day 1. The phone boots itself out of the blue, for several times in a row. Sometimes I have to power off and wait for several minutes before I power it on again so it does not begin its repeatedly booting circle process. When I connected it to my laptop with an updated Zune software, the update process began but finished leaving my phone in a bricked state (laptop was always connected to the power outlet, no unplugging of USB cable). I hate this. Other people I know with the same phone model love it (I have seen their phones and they work fine), not mine.one the worse samsung cellphone to complicated, this windows version is nonsense compare with the previous one. the one before was much easier to use. this one the memory is a headache. because it become part of the phone and once is in it you can not remove itDont buy these. I ordered one for a friend, It does not work at all, can't even connect to Market Place (Appstore). Stay away!This phone was not comparable with my t mobile sim card, and was very slow. I am extremely unsatisfied. Will not be buying an unlocked phone againThis is really light, just got it for my bro and I am thinking whether to send it to him or tell him I am still looking.This cellphone is incredible, is excellent, nice display, connection with exchange very simple, really is awesome. I can see all about your social networks, link contacts, play xbox games, listen music, the camera 5mp is wonderfulThe phone arrived two days ago, I live in Costa Rica in Central America, when I put the sim worked the phone as I need the unlock code. appreciate it if you can give me!this phone is great! but there's something wrong with my phone's wifi connection. i can't connect open wifi network, either the network that i have known the password. i am not sure what's problem with it. i just hope i want to get solution from seller!After i broke my focus I bought from att, I tried to save a little money buying from amazon, i bought my replacement from blutekusa, it came fast like they said and in a different box then at&t woulda came in, after two weeks i tried to plug it into the computer and it said device was malfunctioning, they sent me a new one as said, second came with no plug for the wall outlet charging and after two days it wont stop turning on and off! i will never buy from these companys again!the truth I thought it would be a little better but it sucks do not buy cell is a scam does not work on anything not grab the camra sd card and take a picture transvestite and does not keep from buying garbage that does not has warrantyHello Actually I'm not very comfortable with the phone that I got, because I think they are not new, but that's ok, thanksI like the phone, it's great for the price, but I'm writing this review to warn other buyers, the phone i got IS NOT NEW. The phone is suposed to be new but it is not, and I'm not proud to say that this happened to me twice: I bought this as a present, and this is the second time, because the first phone I bought got stolen. This phone was sold on Amazon by UnlockedCellPhoneKings and seemed used. It came with a Screen protector on. But overall had no signs of being worn. But the second time I bought the phone was even worst, the phone was sold directly by Amazon and it came with an Scratched Screen Protector. So my first question is: If the phone is new why does it have a Screen Protector on? And the most important question: Why does the Screen Protector has several scratches ? I don't have a replacement for the screen proctector yet, so I haven't removed it yet.... My biggest concern is that the Screen may be also scratched. I live in Ecuador so for me is very difficult to send it back. I'm very dissapointed and I feel like I have been scammed.The phone is visually atractive and the screen have a good size. But My advice is: Simply do not buy,The signal is too poor and windows phone sucks!!Samsung Focus I917 Unlocked Phone with Windows 7 OS, 5 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - BlackUnfortunately, This cell phone is not the original AT&T package. Not the Orange one, but a blue one with a SAMSUNG Logo. The Battery is empty, but is not new, produced in 2010. Handset is new, but also not with original package. The phone have no scratch but smells bad, doesn't have the new one's taste. But it is unlocked and seems new. I'm a little bit confused why amazon sell the fake/renew one? How do you take control of the quality? So i give amazone.com a bad feedback!I ordered this product - believing that this is a factory unlocked phone and that it would be authentic since it was sold by Amozon LLC . I received an AT&T phone I am yet to check if it is indeed unlocked . I received it in really bad quality packaging and from the state of the contents it was obvious that the phone was tossed in and around a lot . I am pretty sure from the product that it is either used or a refurbished piece . I guess i should stop taking for granted that the Seller AMAZON LLC sells quality productsThe Samsung Focus is a great phone - light weight, 4.3" screen size, battery life that lasts 15+ Hours (see my usage below). The Windows Phone OS is amazing - the Live tiles are refreshing and the OS is fluid and fun. I particularly love the People hub where you can see all your contacts, social networks and recent communications in one view. However, in a market increasingly dominated by iOS and Android, Microsoft is finding it difficult to attract developers for many apps. Most of my "everyday" apps such as Facebook, Twitter, Stocks' weather etc are available, however some amazing apps such as Pinterest, Instagram, Temple Run, Pulse are all missing. I am a gadget freak who enjoys using different devices with no fanboy-like attachment. At my house we have iPhone 5, iPad Mini, MacBook Air, Nexus 4, several Windows laptops, Xbox 360, Samsung Focus, and Samsung Focus S. I will be replacing the Nexus 4 with a Galaxy S4 soon. From all the different platforms I have used, I like WP7 the most for the great user experience and fast interface. I wish the platform had better apps available - one of the only reasons I use Android and iOS as my backup devices.This was my first smart phone and I got a good deal for it. It is very fast and has a great interface. Beware though it won't work with the tmobile sim from Straight Talk. After hours upon hours of sites forums and Straight Talk people I came to realize it just doesn't have the Apn options to make the data work for some weird reason. This phone only gives the option of APN, Username, Password, Proxy server and Proxy port. It seems now days you need more options like: MMSC MMS MCC MNC The later phones like the Focus S and Focus 2 might not have these options but another choice is downloading "Wireless Manager" app from the Samsung Zone, yet for this model it is not an option. I heard the newer ones had this option but thats up to you to find out I guess. The app suggests you get Network Profile which only gives you the options between ATT and TMOBILE. I guess if you go directly through TMOBILE you will have greater success but the SIM through straight talk will lead to hours of frustration. Anyway hope this helped and hey if you find away for this model to work let me know. If I find a way I will update but the phone is 3 years old now and in tech that's worst than in cat and dog years.With the ultra-slim Samsung Focus S, you can intelligently organize and enjoy your life. Enriched apps such as Neo-Now 2.0 (exclusive to Samsung) let you check essential info at any time. And the vivid 4.27" super AMOLED plus display, wide-band AMR advanced sound quality and 4G power enable you to enjoy Facebook and YouTube. SPECIFICATIONS: GENERAL 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Network HSPA 850 / 1900 / 2100 BODY Dimensions 126 x 66.8 x 8.5 mm (4.96 x 2.63 x 0.33 in) Weight 110.6 g (3.88 oz) DISPLAY Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 480 x 800 pixels, 4.3 inches (~217 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes SOUND Alert types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes MEMORY Card slot No Internal 16 GB storage, 1 GB RAM DATA GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Speed HSDPA, 42 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band Bluetooth Yes, v3.0 with A2DP, EDR USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 CAMERA Primary 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, image stabilization, smile detection Video Yes, 720p Secondary Yes, 1.3 MP FEATURES OS Microsoft Windows Phone 7.5 Mango Chipset 1.4 GHz Scorpion CPU Dual-core Krait 1.5 GHz GPU Adreno 225 Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM, RSS Browser HTML Radio Stereo FM radio with RDS GPS Yes, with A-GPS support Java Yes, MIDP 2.1 Color Black - AT&T U-verse Mobile, NavigatorSM, FamilyMap, Radio, myWireless - Document viewer/editor - MP4/H.264/H.263/WMV player - MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+ player - Organizer - Voice memo/dial/commands - Predictive text input Standard battery, Li-Ion 1650 mAh battery BATTERY Stand By Up to 250 h Talk Time Up to 6 h 30 minThis is the best phone for durability if you constantly drop your phone. I've dropped mine countless times, even once on solid rocks and it didn't get a scratch on it. The only thing that might count as a glitch is that it might drag a little but it's nothing major and it resolves really fast. i don't want to give mine up but I want to upgrade to a phone that has a front facing camera. After a year and four months it still works perfectly. An added bonus to a windows phone is that fact that you can run Microsoft Office off your phone. So yeah, if your looking for a very durable phone with little to no glitches this is the perfect phone for you!I got this 1 month ago and I'm actually typing my review using it, so ill start with keyboard. Very good keyboard it is amazing. I had the HTC aria so the size difference felt so good in my hands, very tactile and the auto correct is really good it does its job!! It actually helps u type unlike some phones. The screen is astonishing, it pops out with such vibrant colors u feel like the picture is right in front of you. Video is also really good, I'd say it is equal to the iPhones except this has more vibrant colors, im in high school so I have alot of essays tht need to be typed and if my computer is ever being used I can type it up on this just as easy with Microsoft word. Xbox live is really good on this phone I can message my friends some games in the marketplaces gives you gamerscore!! On a side note if ur into minecraft their is a really good mobile alternative on here called survivalcraft. The marketplace has about 80,000 apps/games which is good enough for me even though it's about 400,000 less than android and iOS it has everything you need. As soon as I got my phone in the mail I updates it to windows phone mango and it is such a cleaner interface than android and it is alot better to look at than iOS. I was worried upgrading from 7 to mango would slow the phone but it's 1 GHz processor does the job amazingly! If ur into Facebook, twitter, windows live this phone is deff the best choice because it syncs everyone on ur friends list into ur phone and gives all their contact info they have available! I have 60-80 contacts in my last phone but when I synced Facebook (only social network I use) I have 700 some contacts! Also the pictures hub syncs all Facebook pics very neatly in with ur other photos. Talking about photos the camera is great its 5mp with 720p HD recording, my aria had 3.2mp with vga recording the difference was astonishing! It takes better pictures than the iPhone 4 in my opinion (not the 4s). Now the bad the battery life is mediocre I get about 7-8 hours of light use but I usually charge my phone after I get back from school around 2:30 p.m. I unplug it around 6:30 to start the day. But if I stay after school for anything I bring my charger because my phone will not last through that extra 2-3 hours. The other thing I dislike is its full plastic!! It is very lightweight, but it feels sort of flimsy and the plastic scratches easy, so I got a case which I recommend u get this case 2 its on amazon type in Samsung Focus Incipio Feather Case and I'll find it its about $15-$20 but it's worth it. I hope this review helped :)!!I've been using the Focus for about three months now and it's honestly by far the best phone I've ever owned. The screen is gorgeous, the WP7 OS is responsive and intuitive, and most of all it actually works as a phone! As a previous dedicated Iphone owner, I can say that I have absolutely no regrets in switching, and I can see the jealousy of my family (who are still Apple nuts) whenever I let them mess around with the interface. The only cons I can put against it are that it only comes with 8 gigs initially (which is just ridiculously low these days), but I stuck another 16 in with an sd card I had lying around. Some people seem to be having an issue with not having their cards work, but I've never had a problem. Also-and this is incredibly minor-there's no gapless playback on the Zune software. I know only about 5 people will actually care (or even notice), but it's slightly irritating at times. In it's current state, I would already put the Focus and WP7 at the cream of the mobile crop, but with the Mango update coming in a week or two, I really can't see any other OS coming near to holding a candle to it. A lot of people are still understandably skeptical due to Microsoft's less than stalwart track record with mobile devices, but WP7 fixes every issue of the past and does what Apple has quit doing-innovating.Phone is okay: I love how simple it is. However, the fact that you have to use Zune to sync music and media onto the device is really dumb. I would prefer just dragging my mp3s from PC to a file folder. Also, because this phone is single core, it tends to crash a lot and as time goes by, crash incidents increase. It will really start to become aggravating. When a text is sent, sometimes you will have to restart the phone (taking the battery out) only to retype what you wanted to send because the phone cpu locks as you send the message. If you want to be completely bug free and crash free, avoid this phone. Get an iPhone or something with dual or more cores. WP7 however is still a great product and very fun to use, but the hardware is undeniably frustrating.I've had this phone for over 2 years now and love it. Kids love playing on it as well and. Its snappy and screen is beautiful. Its easy to pop in batteries, I have an extra 16GB on SD card which has worked flawlessly since day 1. The camera isn't as nice as the newer phones but everything else works great. Highly recommended and especially at this price point you just can't beat it.I owned a top-notch Android device for a while, but I wasn't a big fan of the clutter - the speed issues for a phone which was expensive at the time, the speculation over whether i'll get that upcoming update or whether my carrier will decide I don't really need it, installing ROMs to make it run better. Android, for me, felt like a mess. So I looked for something simple and powerful. It was either a Windows phone or an iPhone. The iPhone had a high price tag, and the Windows phone seemed... different. I thought i'd give it a go. that was a great decision. Windows phone is fast, elegant, has loads of content and it's just fun to use. No hassle, has everything I want - a great music experience, a fast browser, great apps and games and Facebook integration. The Samsung focus is a good piece of hardware: the screen has vibrant colors, the speakerphone is very strong and clear, it's fast and its design is both elegant and stylish. My beef with this phone has to do with its SD card slot. It was advertised as having expandable memory, but SD cards seem to malfunction when used. No official SD card is available for this smartphone, so it's basically a moot feature. Overall, this is a wonderful smartphone and I would highly recommend buying it. With its current price tag, it's a real steal.I just got this phone 2 weeks ago for my parents and I wanted to compare it to the iPhone 4 which I personally use. I disagree with the other reviewers here who say that the phone is better than the iphone 4. Here are the reasons why: The screen The iPhone has a much higher resolution display at 960/640 packed in a 3.5 inch screen. The Focus has a 800/480 screen in a 4 inch display. Some people will say "4 inches is definitely better than 3.5 inch" but it has less pixels than the iPhone and the pixels are spaced farther apart thanks to the bigger screen. What does that mean? Images and text look a lot less sharp on the focus compared to the iPhone. After using the iPhone, I don't think I can ever accept anything less in terms of screen quality. But if videos are all you watch, then you'll probably enjoy the focus more. Functionality The apps on the iPhone are tremendous, and I am able to use it for whatever purpose that I can imagine be it calculations, looking up drugs, booking my vacation, etc. I work in the healthcare setting and robust medical apps like medscape and epocrates are scarce on the windows platform. I also like to use google voice to text via 3G, and there's no official google app for this phone. There's virtually no incentive for google to develop an app for this phone since only 1-2% of the smartphone population has windows phones. App developers probably have the same view. So unless you're just into posting your status on facebook (the integration which is nice btw), this phone may not be able to accomplish many tasks in your life. Not yet anyway... Camera: With skype around the corner for the windows platform, it will suck since the focus lacks a front facing camera. The iPhone has one. So you'll be limited to voice calling only. Experience The experience on both phones is different, but very nice. None of the phones are plagued by any jittery behaviour or crashes. I think both phones are miles ahead of android in terms of having an overall smooth experience. It is for this reason that I think microsoft has something truly amazing and will not send windows phone to the trash can. I admit, the tile system of windows is kind of strange at first glance and may hamper adoption of the platform because one does not see conventional "icons." But when Windows 8 comes out for the PC and more and more people are exposed to the metro interface on their notebooks, a windows phone won't seem so alien anymore and may speed up its success in terms of app development. Bottom line: I think it's safe to say that this phone is a long term investment since many great apps on iOS and android aren't available yet. That's the only thing holding windows phones back. You can easily overlook the other shortcomings since this phone is so cheap for being unlocked, which is the reason why I got it for my parents.First off this phone does have a beautiful screen but the problem for some is that if you don't have a home computer, you can't update it and what happens when you don't update it?, the phone stops working and eventually won't even turn on. I had mine a total of 5 months give or take and it just stopped working. I still have this phone and it still looks almost brand new but it's only good for looking at now. I would not recommend this phone.goodI Cant seem to get whatsapp downloaded on this phone it's a pain in the neck.Well the other features are nice but i wish the whatsapp would work, and i dont like the fact that my windows live info comes up instead of my contact list.Phone arrived on time in new condition. After activating the phone is unable to hear volume being able to be heard. Also, there is no text to speech or gps available which is dissapointing. We would like a refundFirst of all, BREED is a great seller. They are professional. And this phone is perfect for me. Windows 7 is just what I was looking for. This makes my work a lot easier!I can't download any aplication in it, i really don't know what is the trouble cause i have the ZUNE program in my laptop but nothing...We got the phone it wouldnt even turn on it just stayed saying samsung were gonna return it and get a new wonhello some one have this iteme in white color? by the same price........................... because I really like so much in white.After one month using my phone, it stopped working. It stayed freezed on Samsung logo screen. I asked for Samsung support, shipped them my phone and they sent it back to me saying that there was nothing wrong with it, only updated the software. I got it back and by the first windows update, it freezed again. So, Samsung, never more!The phone randomly restarts, Bluetooth does not pair, it freezes up 2-3 times per day. Battery life is <10 hours. Samsung support is completely worthless.My Question to Windows Tech: I've changed my windows live ID not knowing what all that would screw up, so now I need to change it back to my original ID. Please help. Tech Reply: Please be advised that once you change your Windows Live ID, a waiting period of 6 Months will take place before you are allowed to again change your email address. Since you mentioned that you already renamed your account, I would recommend that you change your Windows Live ID after 6 months and see if you would encounter any error message. My Response: Wow, that's stupid! Why does it let you change it to begin with? From reading other posts and forums it sounds like this is a big issue. People are changing it not knowing it'll screw up their windows phone. What's the benefit to Microsoft for waiting 6 months to let a Windows Phone owner change their ID back to the previous ID after a screw up? It's not like you guys informed us of this issue. If I've got to wait 6 months to get my phone syncing again, I'm going to drop this Windows Phone for another phone ops at the end of my contract in 4 months. Tech Response: Although I really want to help you with this issue, the system is desgined to have a waiting period for Windows Live ID that has been changed. This is to avoid conflicts on other accounts. Also, please understand that, as moderators, we are bound to follow strict guidlines. I apologize for the inconvenience.It was really a very bad experience, I received the handset from UnlockedCellPhoneKings (fulfilled by amazon)- but back cover was totally scratched and looks like refurbished or used. Some of the features were not working properly and phone was acting crazy. After I upgrade to W7.5, It was somewhat okay.The charger and the USB cable is not from Samsung - some duplicate thing, never buy any goods without warranty.I am very satisfied with this phone. The only thing that could be better would be the availibility of phone settings. I think this is a limitation of the Windows Phone 7 O.S. On the one hand, since there are few settings, it is easy to set up. On the other hand, since there are few settings, you can not pick and choose when to use your data plan versus your WIFI during a specific action. It is on or off for WIFI, DATA, BLUETOOTH, AIRPLANE MODE. (My old Nokia had the ability to ask which network to use for every connection, which I liked.) While it defaults to WIFI when WIFI is present, it turns off WIFI in sleep mode to conserve battery life. I was kind of shocked to find that I used up 10 MB one night while I was asleep. A quick search finds this as a common complaint. I am on AT&T's Pay-As-You-Go plan, 10 cents per minute and I prepay for data, $5 for 10MB, $10 for 100MB, and $25 for 500MB. What I do is to pay $5.00 per month for the data plan, which rolls over my available data. This works out to about $100 every 6 months or so. There were no problems whatsover getting this phone up and running. It connects nicely with Microsoft's Skydrive. You can enter all of your contacts and calendar entries in Hotmail, and it syncs nicely with your phone, to give you a constant backup. Nothing bad to say, it looks great, there are plenty of apps available, and overall, it's a winner. Edit: There is one thing I'm not used to. There are no reminders for missed calls or text messages. So, I do have to keep looking whenever I am away from my phone.Pros 1) Operates in much the same manner as a scaled down Windows/PC computer. 2) Expandable Memory. 3) Update to 7.5 Mango operating system (download online for free, just search on bing, ask, or google.com) and can use Skype (as of August 2015 Skype is non-functional and no longer supported by Microsoft for this phone model. For people who are not technically savvy or are senior citizens, such unsupported features when the phone was advertised to have Skype capability deters further interest or use in adopting technology). 4) Internet Explorer with up to six simultaneous tabs. 5) Wi-Fi. 6) Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint 7) Bluetooth. 8) Speakerphone voice quality is accurate. 9) Microphone and speaker for phone handset to head functions well. 10) Compact, sturdy. 11) Hotmail synchronizes with account accessible via computer. 12) Can open and read pdf attachments. Cons 1) Flash player functionality not supported. (However, most youtube, cbs 60 minutes, wall street journal videos are viewable) 2) When using skype you may infrequently experience echo, to circumvent the the echo use a Jabra Tour speakerphone with bluetooth pairing which has noise cancelling software. If your are using this phone to make calls without skype (AT&T or other compatible carrier -- there will be no echo problems and the Jabra speakerphone will not be necessary).Pro: amazing amoled screen display. Really beautiful, smooth in hand. Response speed fast. Keyboard nice and neat. Wifi works great, I have Verizon Quantun, takes seconds to download apps. Some WELL BUILT functions for you to organize your phone feature. Price reasonable and quality better than IPhone. Con: battery drains fast. Need to have spare battery if you are a heavy user. Window Apps are far fewer than android market could offer. The phone works better with AT&T even though unlocked. Every time you put a Tmobile SIM card, you need to factory reset the phone. Or it will not recognize. But will work very well after reset. On Tmobile service, if use data plan, only 2g Edge is available, even though the phone has 4g function. Samsung online chatting service is very good, if you need customer service. Additional storage seems a pain in the neck. But normally 8 gb is enough. Update: I have had the phone 9 months now: the phone sometimes will quit starting. the first time when I could not start the phone, I connected the phone to computer and reinstall ZUNE and update -- do not know what really worked -- i tried these steps -- reinstall, remove battery and put in again, remove sim card, and put in again. when connected to computer -- it somehow came back to life. The second time, i contacted samsung -- not really a lot of direct help -- it seems that what the rep meant was an non oem battery was used which caused the problem. -- i put the original battery in, did not come back, connected to computer update ZUNE again, not work, finally, remove sim card, and put in back in === it came back to life. THIS PHONE IS PAIN IN THE NECK, IF YOU REALLY LIKE SAMSUNG BUY A DIFFERENT MODEL. Upgrade to 7.5, you will find addition features and Chinese language.Straight from the vendor the phone is, in fact, unlocked (we use it on T-Mobile, but it should work with any GSM network with a SIM card, but NOT Verizon or Sprint or CDMA networks). This is our second Samsung Focus (the first was directly through Amazonwireless) and we love this phone! AT&T has dropped the ball big-time on updates, however, and you can only upgrade it to WP 7.5 Mango. There are several security/bug fix updates in between WP 7.5 and 7.8 that AT&T will not allow Microsoft to push to your phone, but overall this is a great entry-level smart phone and you simply cannot beat the price now that it has been out a couple of years. Since the phone is branded to AT&T (even though it is unlocked and can be used on any GSM network) you will simply not be able to get any updates on this phone until AT&T decides to bless you with them (which in all likelihood based on their history, is NEVER). Also, the box that the phone came in was sealed, but did not have "Samsung" or "AT&T" anywhere on the box except a printed out sticker. The original Focus I got from Amazonwireless directly, had a normal flashy orange AT&T box with Samsung written all over it. The product manual inside of this new unlocked phone's box also suspiciously does not say Samsung or AT&T on it. To make matters worse, the little info sticker with the serial numbers on it below the battery does NOT say Samsung on it (unlike our first Samsung Focus directly from Amazonwireless did). When I first got the package, it screamed COUNTERFEIT to me. ***see update below*** But upon opening it, the phone appears to be constructed the same. I powered on and set up the phone and then installed a Benchmark app on it, and it performs the same as my original Focus does. To top it off, I called Samsung directly and told them about my concerns. After describing everything to them and even giving them my phone's IMEI number (serial number), they assured me that it was a genuine Samsung product (but the representative had no explanation for why the packaging looked so suspicious). In any event, the phone itself is a solid 5 stars. AT&T gets 1 star for neglecting their customers by not allowing security and bug fixes on phones they offer (which is partially why we switched carriers in the first place). But because of the update issue and the unusual packaging, I dinged the phone down to 4 stars. But like I said, for an entry-level smart phone WITHOUT extending your contract, you simply cannot beat the price, and the whole Windows Phone system is a wonderfully refreshing alternative to Android and Apple (IMHO). ***update*** I received the Focus and it appeared to work perfectly at the time I wrote the original review, but then when we tried to take a picture with the phone a week into owning it, there was a large yellow-discolored area in the center of the screen as if someone tried to take a picture of the sun or something insane like that and burned out the image sensor. That got me thinking that perhaps the phone was refurbished rather than brand new (which might also explain the knock-off looking non-Samsung box). I did some reasearch and have come to the conclusion that I almost certainly received a refurbished phone (an internet search on how to spot refurbished phones was VERY helpful). The seller had good customer service though and sent us a label to send back the defective phone and sent another "new" one at no charge. This "new" phone was actually in the factory Samsung box this time. However, the box was scratched and the phone itself also had other tell-tale signs of being refurbished (although if I hadn't researched the topic it would have appeared brand new to me). This time around, however, I ran diagnostics on the phone the moment I opened the box and set up the OS and everything seems to be working perfectly. A final follow-up question to the seller about whether they might be getting supplied with refurbished phones instead of "new" phones from their supplier has so far gone unanswered, but I'm almost positive that's what is happening here. I can't be too mad because the price we paid for the supposedly "new" phone was actually less than other sellers were charging for a refurbished phone, but a little bit of honesty here would be nice. In any event, I encourage you to research how to spot a refurbished phone on the interet for more information. In my non-expert opinion, in retrospect, I highly doubt any carrier-branded phone (i.e. with AT&T logo on the front) can come factory unlocked. So if you see a listing for "unlocked" and "new" in the same sentence, I personally doubt the accuracy of that listing and urge you to contact the seller in advance to double check. When phones come back from the factory after service work, or they get refurbished to be resold, it is a well-documented fact that they are usually unlocked at THAT point. So be forewarned, if a carrier-branded phone is "new" it is most likely locked, and if a carrier-branded phone is unlocked, it is most likely not new. I have lowered the rating down to 3 stars due to what I think is likely inaccurate marketing.This really sucks. I used the phone for overseas on my last trip and it worked fine for texting and calls. The internet on it was capable too. The Windows software needed lots of work and it is not refined like Apple IOS not even close. Of course you aren't paying the same price. I could only upgrade the software once thru Zune. I was about to look in my phone to possibly do the updates as others have said they done, but my phone would not turn on. I am flabbergasted as I've barely used the phone. I can't recommend this phone. When I got to use it, it worked fine in it's basic of basic ways. The OS was definitely lacking but it's simplicity was beautiful. Unfortunately there is something wrong with the hardware on this device for it not to turn on. I tried charging it. I tried pulling the battery, nothing has worked. I started researching my problem and found that this seems to be a problem with this phone. Move on from here. It's not worth the risk.Updated: Phone doesn't always charge when plugged-in and for whatever reason Zune doesn't recognize it anymore. Just buy an iPhone. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I was a long time iPhone user and for whatever reason became really curious about the Windows phone platform. All in all it's a very nice interface. I prefer over Apple and Droid. The phone itself is great. Looks nice, fast, expandable memory, the camera takes a decent picture and battery life is quite good. The apps selection is okay but their interface is quite different from their Droid and Apple counter parts. Yelp for example is bizarre to use when compared to the latest version on Apple or Droid. It uses a Windows phone style interface which has a different screen flow. I don't think 3rd party apps have a good grasp on how to develop for this platform. I will say the app selection is improving though. If you love apps I'd probably skip this phone. If you need a phone for email and Facebook this phone will work very well for you. Bing maps works well in the US but not as well in Canada as Google maps. Still it is very good when compared to Apple's new map app. Tip: Make sure when you get the phone update the OS right away. It runs so much better and is well worth the effort.Had this phone since December 2012, and I really can't really say anything bad about it. Sound quality was decent, and when wI-fi was available, for example at an airport, or hotel, my E-mail account was readily accessible. There were some other features that were equally impressive. Unfortunately, yesterday I plugged in the USB cable to charge the 'phone, and heard a "pop", which turned out to be an indicator of it's quick and merciful death. So it only lasted about 14 months. It seems some other reviewers have experienced varying degrees of shortened life span and a similar quick death with their Samsung Focus I917. Can't say if it's the brand or just the luck of the draw that I got one of a small percentage of electronic devices that will fail prematurely. In my case I met the phone's demise with mixed emotions, since I never got real comfortable with the Windows 7 O.S. I've ordered another "smart" phone, but this time will move to an Android O.S. which gives me a greater comfort level, since I've used this O.S. on my tablets for years.I purchased this UNLOCKED Samsung Focus I917 with BUYING IT and definitively it is a great option to save money because offer the most important features that any expensive smartphones must have, but it cost less than 50% of them. Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc. I UPDATED the WINDOWS Operative System (OS) thru the Zune program installed in my PC without any problem. Now I can get more apps and some phone functions are now performed in a more efficient way. I know that some persons have concerns because they believe that updating the OS could "lock" the phone. In my experience the "unlock condition" was not impacted and the phone is now running with the last phone Windows version. I am using this phone with a Mexico SIM card (Telcel) and is functioning perfect. I also tested it with a SIM card of USA and worked fine too. I think it is a great option for the cell phone users in Mexico and anywhere.... I think it is not necessary to purchase smartphones of $ 500 or $ 600 dlls.... This Samsung has the same powerful performance of the expensive smartphones at a very attractive price.First of all, let me begin by saying I was an early adopter of the iPhone, the first generation was a tank until dust got the best of it (under home button). Later on moving onto Android based phones and enjoying those as well. When there was a lot of positive feedback on windows 7.5 mobile and my other phone being drowned in beef stock. I decided to take the plunge with this little gem. Upon receiving the phone the packaging was no frills, and made me nervous. Before running the phone I charged the battery and installed an additional 8gb micro sd card I got for 19.99 (PNY MicroSD) because in the documentation WP7 takes over the SD card for good! The operating system takes up about 1.2 GB so keep that in mind. I love the fact that I can delete the ATT default applications since I am on TMobile pre-paid (50$ unlimited). Yes it is only limited to 2G (edge) speed. Updating the phones software was the only difficulty I had. While updating I got a backup error causing it to not update. I believe it was the front USB port I was using on my computer but at the same time I used a different Micro USB cable from my mytouch and plugged it in a usb port in the back of my computer. Once I did that I was able to apply the 2 updates through the Zune software (required) Anyway, setting up the phone was easy enough. Adding my google account synced up my contacts/calendar/email (important since I came from using android) Another important mention for tmobile users is that you have to go to the marketplace and install the Samsung Network Profile app and select tmobile usa. After that you can send and receive MMS The picture on this screen is beautiful, the camera has a lot of customization features, the UI is simple and clean I couldn't be happier with this phone at this price point.I was treating a family from El Salvador to a Justin Bieber concert in Guatemala and they told me that I needed to purchase an unlocked cell phone for my trip. It was love at first sight. This phone is so sleek. The instructions booklet says that you need to buy a micro memory card that is Windows compatible so I went to an AT&T store (since the phone says AT&T) and they tried to sell me a non-specfic SanDisk 32g micro memory card that made no mention if it was Windows compatible for around $60. I went down the block to Radio Shack and they had an Ultra SanDisk 32g micro memory card that said it was Windows compatible for $28. I used the phone to call back home many times without any problems. My friends took many photos and videos at the concert and they all came out crystal clear. Even the ones that the kids took. I had every intention on giving this phone to my friends when I was leaving to go back home. It was the best purchase I ever made. I purchased it for less than $100 and it is worth so much more. They love it and they use it every day.I can say for sure that it's the best phone I've ever had. The features are great, is very beautiful and easy to use. I installed a 16 Gb micro SD memory card type 4 and works perfectly. I have all my main email accounts, social webs, Skype, all I need and some extra applications and I'm very happy with it. Is very fast phone. I only suggest that when you have WiFi connection available and if your data plan is not very big, you can disable data plan on configuration and use WiFi while you can. Updates can consume a lot of your mb data plan in just minutes. And always carry your usb cable with you because while using data it consumes a lot of your battery...but that normally happens with all the smart phones I've had.I was confused and annoyed that the phone did not come with a memory card, but after getting reminders from other users, I realized that the phone was sold without the card. I accept it and no more complaint. I have used many phones, Android, Windows, high-priced and cheap-priced. Nothing really impressed me! meaning nothing is really ideal. For a $400-$500 phone, what I got was never as good as expected. I chilled my thought and decided that the functions I need do not need a high price tag. I need a decent voice volume and clarity, a small and light weight, a calendar. I do NOT texting or play games, I only need email and internet for emergency. Camera and video will be used on rare occasions. This phone offers everything INFUSE offers and only costs 2/3's of the price. The camera and video quality is so so, who cares, I do not rely on them. A good choice to have everything and SAVE THE BUCKS!I like this phone but I use a Mac and can't update it. I downloaded an app to do this but it won't communicate back to the phone. I use a cheap phone system called Pure Talk USA. It's perfect for older people like me that don't use a cell phone much. However, when I put my SIM card in this phone it didn't work. I called Pure Talk and had a connection by the time I hung up. Wish I could update. I get a kick out of the voice function. I said "find British Pubs Ashland, Oregon" It gave me the pubs with telephone numbers and a location map. Wow! Voice works for everyone on my phone list as well. Just say, "Call so and so cell." It says, "Calling so and so mobile."While this phone came out a couple of years ago, it's still a serviceable smart phone if you're not looking for the latest and greatest. If you are looking for something more fully fleshed out I would recommend either the latest Android or iPhone. I did notice some glaring omission/annoyance from this OS and Windows Phone 8 so I'll list the positive and the negatives below. Pros: 1. relatively cheap smart phone 2. Upgradable to Windows Phone 7.5 maybe eventually 7.8 3. Light weight 4. Good wifi reception Cons: 1. Cannot block calls/numbers. (I can't understand why this basic feature isn't present. It's on my 3yr old dumb candy bar phone and yet there's no way to do this either under Windows phone OS or apps. 2. Cannot customize alerts with SMS/MMS or voicemails 3. Battery is weak. A fully charge battery with battery saver feature turned on and in idle mode will last a little over 2 days. Those are pretty much my take on the phone.If so, here you go. No, that is not an exaggeration. You see, a few months into ownership, this phone would prompt you to turn it off Randomly, without any contact to the power button. Sometimes while you aren't doing anything. Sometimes while the screen is locked. Reject it/Swiping away cause it to stall. Turning it off results in the same lack of turning on. Sure, you'll be able to turn it on. But it crashes before actually turning on. If you take the battery out, and put it back in, it will immediately start trying to turn on. It should not do this. When you put the battery in normally, it stays off until you power it on. Thus, it stalls again. My guess is your attempts to start it restart after doing this as well, because it seems to take a certain number of trys to get it to run. When its on the charger, the 3 bottom buttons lose functionality. You need those to do just about everything. You can hold the back arrow to access previous things you've been doing, but not while connected. you'll only get a single press. and then you have to wait 5 seconds to get another. Imagine trying to watch Netflix and someone texts you. You can only get that message shortcut if you do it RIGHT THEN. if you don't, you have to the app. but then with the time it takes you to get back to Netflix, you have another text. STILL RUNNING 7.5. STILL WAITING ON 7.8. THIS IS MARCH OF 2014, CLOSE TO APRIL. Great otherwise when it works. Better sound quality than a lot of other 7.5 devices.have made the switch from an android(galaxy ace 5830) to windows phone and have no regrets. the screen is large and crystal clear. the UI is clean, simple and runs flawlessly. web browsing is fast. moving between web pages, apps, calls, text is so smooth. the only thing i miss about my android is SwiftKey app! call quality and speaker volume are very good. it really needs some king of case because it is very light and slick. the only reason i gave a 4 instead of a 5 is due to the fact i can't send mms. this is because i use a straight talk sim for att. it does not allow mms on older windows phone. excellent value. not a huge issue for me as there are many other ways to share media. i had my android samsung for 1 year and current samsung focus for a week. it is a learning experience and i am getting to like it more each day. battery is longer lasting than my galaxy ace. just wanted to add that amazon has been fantastic. i initially recieved the wrong item from seller. amazon customer service had the correct phone sent out in 2 days and a refund credit given immediately. service above and beyond.If you really like windows then here ya go. All in all it is great but it does have some differences from android devices. Fewer apps and many of the popular ones -- think Facebook games-- are not available. Want music as text or notification sounds-- nope, only as ringtone or alarm. It is easy to get it set up on StraightTalk with the AT&T sim, takes some patience to set data set up but once it is on no more worry and it is fast. Has direct up link with the cloud, never lose another pic-- perfect to share with select group of people. No phone is perfect but this one is closer than any other I have had. It was an easy move from android to windows.I got this phone from "Unlocked Cell Phone Kings" and it appears to be just as new as it was advertised to be. It was a good value and connected to AT&T very easily. I am using a $25/mo. off contract plan that allows unlimited texting and 250 minutes a month. The wifi connections have been very solid, so I am happy with that I decided to save 30 dollars a month while still getting the majority of the functionality I was looking for. Design: 4/5 Overall I like the design. I would have liked it to be made out of more durable materials, but it certainly looks good. The front is a solid flat surface and the back is grayish with pin-striping that really is well done. The back is curved slightly, which helps to prevent it from being too slippery as it could be, with it being made out of smooth glossy plastic. The screen is very bright, but is made of plastic, so it could easily get scratched. Performance: 4/5 It is fast enough. Downloads don't take long, and I have never seen a stutter. It upgraded to Mango without any issues using the Zune software I already had on my laptop. It plays Netflix perfectly with no noticeable pixelation or lag. It could load a couple of things faster, but overall load speeds are quite decent. The OS masks any slowdowns it might have by using fanciful transition effects. Voice quality has been good, but there have been reports of echoing from people on the other end of the calls. Value: 5/5 At $240 I will save $200 or more during my first year on AT&T, and $400 or more during my second year. I call that value.My first review of this phone was great, but after having had this phone for a while, I've found that it is junk. More times than not, when I try to make, or even receive a call, it either doesn't go through or the person on the other end cannot hear me or vise-versa. I constantly have to turn it on or off, or remove and reinsert the battery in order for it to work properly. Also, the battery life is very inconsistent. Sometimes, a charge can last a couple of days. Other times, a charge won't even last one full day with the same average usage. I purchased two of these phones, one for me, and one for my wife, and we are getting the same results with both. I would not recommend them.This phone meets all my requirements as for what I really wanted , all the specs this phone has , on another device or OS would have costed me at least 50 dollars more , and this phone has a nice style and windows phone runs quick in this phone , with android it would be lagging , but it runs very smooth here , I made a good choice since I lasted some time b4 buying a phone , and I did many comparisons in gsmarena.com wich helped me a lot , I think this is the best phone I could get unlocked for that moneyI bought two of this. One worked fine. The other one didn't at all. The one with the problem was not able to start and it was impossible to fix it. I live in Mexico so, instead of returning it, I tried to reinstall the software downloaded from Samsung site. Never worked. Send it to a professional repair shop, they couldn't fix it either. Bottom line... I lost my money! I know that if you leave in the USA, you can return it instead, but with the "no warranty" warning... why take the chance?First I have to say that if you love taking photos and showing them on your phone, this is THE ONE! The phone is slightly larger than expected so it gives you a HUGE screen on which to display your photos with gorgeous color, sharp details, a truly impressive display. Plus it gives you a way-better camera than usual. It's a thrill. There are so many other things to like about this phone that I'll just mention a couple: VIRTUAL QWERTY: once I got used to where my fingers needed to be, it was a huge relief after inputting text on those tiny buttons -- not to mention how the word suggestion sped up the process. The touch screen is very easy to use, especially if you type your message in landscape. WP7 OS: Especially for a newbie, getting to know the phone was a breeze with the intuitive WP7 OS. I hardly had to refer to the manual for instructions. I was also pleased that the phone came with a battery, USB cable, charger, and earpiece.first of all i recieved this phone in perfect condition. i live outside the us in the caribbean and i had no problem connecting to the gsm digicel network. this phone is UNLOCKED and NEW when bought from seller AMAZON.com. the first thing i did do was to update the phone to wp7.5 mango, it took approx a hour. the screen quality is great, blacks are black and the touch screen is very responsive. i installed many apps however the adobe reader app doesnt display pdf properly but this is due to the app and not the phone however the android and ios versions of adobe reader are much better. this was a major peeve because i am a student with many books. however on the flip side the office suite preinstalled is very good. the camera is ok not great, i would say exactly average. the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side. the phone is fast responsive. overall for the price you are getting a galaxy s for about a hundred and a half less, but you have to use wp7.I'd really been looking forward to an escape from the Android OS and all the problems I had with it in the year since I began using my Samsung SG-I9000. Apple's iPhone was tempting because of its functionality, but it was so overly-hyped and trendy I had many second thoughts about it. I've used an iPhone here and there before and it was simple, but just didn't feel like something I wanted in the long-term. Windows Phone was already on the scene but there were no stores selling them at the time where I live, so after reading review after review, I decided to take a leap of faith and grab the Samsung I917, aka the Focus. The GOOD: First, the operating system is head, shoulders, torso, hips, thighs, knees, calves and ankles above anything else on the market. It's just so simple and intuitive, not to mention beautiful. And unlike Android, it's the exact same from device to device, so the user experience is consistent. Zune integration is beautiful. I can sync all my Zune music on my computer to my phone either by plugging in or over a wi-fi connection. I can also download from the marketplace over the air and then sync back to my computer next time I connect. The People tab is great because it lets me see what all my contacts are doing over social networks all in one place. The phone is also physically beautiful. I especially like the pinstriped back of the case. The device is thin and light and quick (after all, it's basically a first-gen Galaxy S). The BAD: The phone is pretty plasticy, and while it's actually pretty tough, I would really like to see Samsung put out a "pro" version made of duraluminum, like their Series 9 laptops are made of. I'm pretty rough on my phones, watches, etc, so I always appreciate rugged versions of products when applicable. The build quality is good but it just doesn't feel overly tough to me, which is the basis of my 4-star rating. The UGLY: Windows Phone marketshare. Seriously, this OS is so amazing, so beautiful, and so simple to use, this should have been 15% - 20% by now in my opinion. Give this phone a chance folks, you'll be glad you did. It's different, it's beautiful, and it's going to be around for a long time.I already have 2 weeks using this phone and the only thing I can say it's "amazing", very light weight and thin, the resolution/size of the AMOLED display is great, very very good camera, windows 7 mango in gorgeous and very intuitive (it's looks better than any android version that I have used and I haven't had any single "frozen" screen or software lag since I first started it), apps and games are high quality. The only "not good" thing about this phone is the battery life, it last 1.5 days with full charge, but if you don't required extended battery life this phone will be for you.Purchased this as direct replacement to the same model I previously owned. Originally this was one of the first Windows 7 phones available but is easily upgradeable to Mango. This phone works flawlessly. The size and form factor feels and looks great. It's not too big like most newer phones and its rounded corners make it very easy to lug around in your pocket or hand. I wish these companies would continue to make cell phones similar to the styling of this.I had gotten one of these phones when they first came out, and I had it almost 4 yrs....and after dropping it several times, it finally started messing up on me. I am one who doesn't like change very often and wanted another one, but of course these are no longer available in store. I got on line and found this one brand new in the box and was SO happy that it was exactly what I was looking for....it got to me with in 3 days and I was so excited. I am a pic taker, and this phone really takes great photos as well....the item was what was promised and I have had no problems. Thank you for having what I needed when I needed it!!!!!!Time for the review. In short, I am very happy with my purchase. I was under the false impression that smart phones were very expensive and the data packages were still $20-25 extra a month. You CAN turn data on this phone OFF (Settings, Cellular, Data Connection) and just use the WI-FI but I chose to have a package that allows me some browsing at only $10 extra a month. This is with T-mobile. This phone does not come with a computer cord, and there is already an update available for it, so I strongly recommend purchasing a USB cable for it so you can update immediately. WITHOUT THE UPDATE, YOU CAN'T ACCESS APPS. The updates are free. I also could not get picture messages without downloading the app called Network Profile which is also a free app. Now that the apps and picture messages are working, I can safely say it is a very nice phone. After the update you can also voice text, which is the only thing I wished this phone had prior to me downloading the update. Now it does. This is a Windows operating system which means only Windows apps are available. You can't get Instagram, Snapchat, or a lot of other popular ones. When an app is created it's almost always made for Apple or Android products first, and Blackberry and Windows devices later, if at all. So that kind of sucks. The price on this phone tends to fluctuate. I paid $135 and a week later my sister paid $98.I got 2 Focus WP for one friend, but ive had hardware issues with them, the first one had an issue with the battery, it expanded without any reason, and the other phone has issues with the proximity sensor and light sensor somehow they got mixed, when there is lo light the screen goe off and when someone call he cant hang up the call, a very serius issue and i bought it from amazon, dam Samsung NEVER AGAIN! NOKIA for the WIN! I just love the LUMIA 710! cero issues with itThe phone came a day earlier than expected which was great! When I opened the box I wasn't expecting to find such a sleek phone. It exceeded my expectations. It's light and the screen size is huge. It reminds me of the Samsung Galaxy without the hefty price tag. I'm typing this review on my new phone which is awesome. I'm doing more on this phone and neglecting my Samsung Galaxy tablet. The only con so far is that the Bluetooth is for hooking up headsets and the like and not transferring files, that's a bummer. Other than that, it's a great phone and the dealers are truly "Goodguys"! Absolutely wonderful phone. The windows OS is new to me but I'm loving it too.I love this phone, though there are some MAJOR setbacks if one wants it for straighttalk. The picture messaging system does not work, although there is a way around it it is SO troublesome and it took me a month to get everything working correctly, but once it's working the phone is amazing and I have no complaints except a lack of a front facing camera.Amazing price and quality from Amazon Marketplace. The Super AMOLED is awesome and Microsoft's modern UI is fresh. Bought this to run without a sim to enable checking work email on-the-go as my company made users put oppressive software on your iPhone to connect to Exchange. Wish Microsoft had supported the first round of Windows 7 phones longer. Mainly wish that the improvements to the browser were provided to old handsets.Bought this for my mom because her 9 button flip-phone was slowly falling apart and she wanted something she could sms with. She loves this phone. Its WP7 and lacking in several areas but as a basic phone replacement it works great. Screen is bright enough for sunlight use and has reasonable colors. Buttons are inset nicely with little bumps making them easy to access but not accidentally accessible in a pant pocket. Battery lasts about 2 days on a charge as my mom doesn't use it for internet. The only drawbacks are a relatively poor camera that always takes blurry pictures and the capacitive buttons at the bottom are hard to hit often.Okay, So I ordered my phone from Amazon Warehouse. I got my phone, and learned it was not unlocked; however, if a person were to do a simple google search, there are many instructions on how to do this very easily! To give a product 1 star just because it didn't come unlocked seems very unreasonable. The phone itself is great. I have no contract currently, but using existing wifi I am able to download apps, music, games, and many more things. I only removed one star because it did not come unlocked but I do not feel it should be a score of 1 star. I was able to unlock the phone myself, but I will not give out the instructions, like I said, google is your friend. The phone is responsive and sleek. The plastic is a little cheap, but not by much. The screen can be wiped of finger prints easily. I am going to be getting a screen protector and a case for this phone later on. A lot of the windows games that play on this phone seem to do okay. Some of the real knew games lag a bit but I feel it is still good quality. Because this phone is refurbished, I thought I would get it with some scratches or blemishes. This is not so. It came without any problems! I was very surprised. Amazon Warehouse rules! If a person has the money, get this phone but if you have even MORE money, get an android or apple product because their stores have millions of apps and games while windows is still building theirs.For $200 off contract I thought this phone was a bargan, and I was right. The phone Is incredibly responsive. The mango update has added many features, the camera takes great pictures in low light. My only critisim is that No usb charging cord was included so I had to wait for a new one to come in mail before I could update to Mango. I replaced my Tmobile mytouch 4g for this phone and it was one of the best Choices I made. My only annoyance is that I'm using a tmobile sim card and since it is AT&T it doesn't support tmobile 3G bands. This means the Internet can be rather slow at times. Overall, I would suggest that EVERYONE buys this phone because it has so many features for such a low price.Samsung Focus 1917 is good in that it is more responsive and user-friendly than the old samsung android that i use to have. The touch screen is awesome and os layout is very easy to navigate. But somehow when i connect it to my home wifi and try to download apps, music and games, it wouldn't connect to my windows live account. I also tried to update the os and it wouldn't budge. What is the problem? I tried to go online and find answers on the windows phone and not support whatsoever. The Windows 7 mobile os is not working on my phone. This is the primary reason why i give it 3 stars and not 4 or 5.I like it ten times better than the Iphone. No forward facing camera isn't a deal breaker for me, because If I wanted to video chat, I'll just do that at home on my computer (when I have combed hair. lol..) I've had windows phones since the first windows mobile os (which wasn't good). Now they have Windows Phone OS; And microsoft has learned from old mistakes. Since the Mango update Windows phone is awesome. I love that It has office in the phone. This feels like a real work phone. The Iphone felt like, well an Ipod with a phone built in. I also love that I was able to add a 32gb SD card to up the memory. (It now has 36.6gbs free.) That means If I so please I can download movies or Xbox live games. :-) I was spazzing out on mirrors edge yesterday with the Focus. :-) & the hd video may be only 720p but it's good enough to make quality youtube videos. And it's flash is better than the Iphones flash. My choices were pay $$$$ for a new unlocked Iphone or unlocked Android or unlocked Blackberry, settle for a cheaper windows phone that only has 8gbs of rom, or get this older focus and upgrade it with the SD card. For less than the price of a used Iphone 3g, I got a factory unlocked phone that can do all the same things, but adds microsoft office, an hd camcorder, and the biggest factor is that this phone asks before distributing all your private user information. Originally I was onboard for an android, then the same day I was going to get one, a consumer watchdog group out of Santa Monica California issued a request to the US Attorney asking that Google and Apple be sued for billions of dollars due to their letting app developers access all personal data on people's phones. That, infact, is how many stalkers were invading celebrity cellphones. I'm not so worried about stalkers, but I don't like the thought of someone being able to hack my info just because I accidentally installed a shady app instead of angry birds. (and by the way even angry birds gets all your private info sent to them via Android & Iphone.) If you want to be in with the cool people and don't care about privacy issues or budget, go for an Iphone or an Android phone. If you want a phone that will do all the same things but won't give free reign to any app developer that wants to hack your phone, and you want to pay $$$ less for an unlocked phone; The Focus is a very good choice. Just remember to get the right SD card. Many don't work, and because people wouldn't read and research to get the right one, many people complained that they couldn't get it working right. Also many people didn't read the fact that the SD card intigrates into the OS, and therefore can not be removed or used to transfere files once it has been intigrated with the phone. Due to so many complaints by people that just don't bother to read the directions, they stopped putting the upgrade slot on the newer phones. That means the newer ones might have a better processor, but you have to go up to the most expensive models to even compete with the space you can have on this Focus i917. I may get another for my lady and retire her no privacy having Iphone. She already wants to trade. :-) Update May 1st, 2013: One month on and using the phone feels totally natural now. I have not lost any calls, had any crashes, or lost any data. Oh and I did replace her Iphone. She loves her Samsung Focus. Before she wouldn't risk her Iphone: she would switch sims and use a cheap flip phone if for example: we went to the beach or were going to ride on a boat or had an amusement park day. But now she uses her Iphone for the beach, flip phone is finally retired, and the Focus is protected & adorned. (^_^) .Two I917 purchases -- first one defective, inaudible ear volume. I did some online checking but was unable to determine if cell-to-ear volume was a specific model weakness. Three points from my ordering experience: 1) check the vendor's return policy before purchasing; 2) when you receive the order check the phone properties first--it's easy to become enchanted with smartphones to the point of overlooking the basic on ear use; 3) buyers should reflect on the liklihood that any unlocked cell listed is actually new. To date I've found my second phone to be sleek, with the Windows 7 system impressive. Apps are increasingly available and diverse, not the walled garden of Iphone. Of contacting Samsung: dealing with customer support (Samsung or any other) be aware you likely will interact with a rep--working from a script--who has no cellular expertise. Check the manual carefully before entering the customer service ordeal. You'll be directed through two corrections, soft reset, and if the problem remains, hard reset. (You can find both on any model via web search). If these two corrections fail you're at the point of sending the phone in for repair or returning to seller. If you do need to contact Samsung, I found Facebook easier than web site contact. Twitter is also an option. Sept. 2016 update: I'm getting ready to upgrade from the i917. The phone has held up with no problems. It pretty much comes down to your ability to live with the Windows system and apps. I've noted some apps available in android and Apple are not available for Windows phones.This phone will not receive group or picture texts, nor does it get any media. I was told by the seller that my carrier had to adjust the settings but I have been to them several times and they have not been able to resolve the issues with this phone . I even went to the Microsoft store, and AT&T and no one can figure out why this phone will not work right.this phone is a okay phone , a bit complicated, i am stl unable to get my memory card to work and i hope that someone can assist me, added to my dis-stress as well was a very annoying sound coming from the phone which no technician was able to assist me even though i reset-ted my phone numerous times. got the problem resolved tho and wld assist any1 who would be having the same problem i did......the phone is nice except for 1 thing. i can not use all of it's features. i can't get any apps or mms on this phone. at the moment it's a pretty music player and i have plenty of those. so if in the next few days i can't get this thing up and running, i will be returning it. judging from how the tape was cut on the box, someone else must have returned it before.I have had a samsung focus for years and have had no problems. I am not sure what is wrong with this phone, but I see why the seller had no warranty on it. I cannot log-in to marketplace, nothing loads on the phone, I cannot log-in to any email, and the phone shuts off every once in awhile even when it is fully charged. I tried updating the phone and it won't update, though it is showing that it needs one. I find it unconscionable that someone would sell this phone with all the problems that it has.OkGreat, gorgeous looking phone, sharp camera, love the Windows 7 based OS, this one does the job as expected too; highly recommended, at that price, this one is no brainer, just go out and get one! added a mini SD card (32) et voila! one caveat, would be the battery, that I have to charge virtually on daily basis, but once you get used to, no problem.I received this I917 last Friday. Yes, the phone is unlcoked and it works with my T-mobile card. However, I got really disappointed that I couldn't use any applications. everytime i tired to go Marketplace or Xbox to play a game, then I searched online, i tried to upgrade, then it showed this phone can't upgrade. it didn't funtion at all except getting phone calls. Today i found the pictures taken by this phone don't show any on the pictures icon. I thought it would be a good gift for my Christmas. I have to return to find a good one. I would recommend not to buy this phone.I have this phone for a few months, still working perfecly for every function. the only problem is that it's hard to connect to PC for updating system at very first time. I tried many PC, finally work at my old XP window PC. The other issues is windows phone has much less App.I have a google nexus one and we purchased the samsung focus to relace my wifes dying iphone. I did alot of research and decided on the windows phone based on the occasional clunkiness of android. Though I really like the iphone, it's just too muchh $$ and a contract. We recieved the phone in new condition and at first having played around with it a little I really didnt like it that much. I updated to Mango which is cool, but it really took a week of playing with it to decide it really is a great phone. My wife uses her camera alot, and this one has a very good camera. I went out the other night and took some pics outside in the pitch black, I couldnt see what I was aiming at until the flash went off, but the pics were really good. Today we went to the beach as there was a big storm and we took pics side by side and the focus produced much better pics than my nexus one. There are a few things that I like better about android for sure. Live wallpapers for one, and the stupid colored tiles on windows. I mean really, gee I get to pick my color for by big tiles? thats it? I was hoping these "live" tiles would be like customizable to a much greater extent then they are. The other thing I dont like is the app store. It's niether layed out as well, nor does it have that many apps compared to the compitition. So, why five stars? well really it's about the phone. The screen is great, it's very responsive, excellent camera, great call or signal strength and the battery for us has not been an issue. I do like this windows OS. I'm really hoping they will s**t or get off the pot (microsoft) and dedicate themselves to developing this OS. It has that much potential. In general I hate most microsoft products, so I am really pleased even for it's shortcomings. All in all, considering the price it's really a five star phone.This is the best phone ever. If you are having problems with the app store: download the zune software: go to account settings> update> it will take forever to update from Windows 7 to Windows 7.5, but its worth it ;) App Store will also work afterwardsThis is an excellent phone. Very easy to use. Good size screen for texting & calling. Just one issue so far as a phone call is terminated. The 'end call' icon moves up the screen too rapidly & the user must scroll down again to find it. I have to check to see if it is a setting issue. Would recommend this phone.Pros: Nice OS Nice Screen Nice Camera Nice Mail management. Cons: Battery life: 1-day (You will have to charge the phone at night as an iPhone) HARDWARE NO GOOD Update: March 17 2012 Mine died like this: [...]very good product is just what I expected, for the price I paid, I'm satisfied with the purchase, and would recommend to buy!Very VERY NICE Cellphone. No matter it says Windows 7.0 Mine came with Windows Phone 7.5 and has plenty access to Marketplace Comes with 8GB and can be expanded via MicroSD with addicional 32GB.My first WP and I liked very much. The power button stopped working after a couple of months and became a " minor problem" but them speaker stopped too . Now I use it for playing music with headphones and take picturesOutdated. Was an OK phone. Kind of stupid o/s though. Needed way more customization to the phone but too late for thatA good, unlocked smartphone that meets all and more that I need to stay connected. Also, the price is quite reasonable.The design is attractive and the sound is perfect.Great purchase. Took the phone to India and it works right out of the box. Unlocked: Yes The sound quality is amazing for a phone and so is the camera..My friend has the samsung omnia and the focus tops it in every aspect except for the plastic casing which seems to be of poor quality. Was able to update it to Mango in no time. Bluetooth seems to have some issues but havent tried to test it completely.this phone is proving to be an outstanding item...not only does it pull it a consistent signal...but the pre-loaded applications does not pull in alot of data which makes it easy on the budget...My son wanted a "phone like yours, mom", so we ordered it. Easy to use Win7 phone is extremely intuitive. My 19 year-old loves it and can't imagine life without it now.Still works perfect. I've had it for several months (maybe a year actually). Love it! Does everything I need. I especially love the voice command option to use with my headset.Have only had it for 2 days but seems to work great so far. I purchased it new and it IS new. I can tell that it was only opened to unlock the phone. Awesome phone, definitely recommend it. :)Purchased the phone for a relative who is in Europe. Shipped it off to her and she placed a sims card in it and works perfect. The phone arrived in its box with everything as stated by the shipper.This phone has a great antenna that gets great signal wherever I go. It's fast and app storage only limited by the size of the sd card. I use it with an AT&T MVNO and had to do a little hocus pocus to get MMS to work. This one is my 2nd Focus. I just wanted a backup and have invested myself fully into this delightful phone.Good cellphones for the price. Doesn't feel too flimsy. Sound is OK.The big problem is it is a Windows phone. Never again. The phone was fine though.It is light, thin & sturdy. The camera is decent for the price. It performed fast enough for normal everyday use. I paired it up with an AT&T compatible SIM from net10 and voila! Got voice, text and internet working perfectly in a mountainous region. A great alternative for those who are considering the contract free route.Just 3 months empeso hard to fail until he died was my case I'm not happy to be a team nokiaI was really hesitant at first of ordering a phone online...anything online actually. But it turned out great! I love it! it came in the ATT original packaging, charger and headphones included :) I was pretty surprised at how well it worked too.!I have been using this phone for about two months by now. Before I bought the Samsung Focus I owned the HTC Surround, Apple's iPhone 3GS, and HTC Touch Pro. I will review not just the phone, because I think the OS is also very important when talking about a WP7 Phone. Dimensions and Characteristics the screen size is bigger than iPhone's 3G or 4G. Talking about image quality, I prefer the Focus, the image is brighter and color look awesome. This phone is really slim and light, the opposite of HTC Surround, which is much thicker and heavier because of the sliding speaker. The built in camera is good and you have a good flash light also which is nice to have when taking pictures in dark ambience, but of course, the image quality is much lower than using a digital camera. User Interface Microsoft has done a great job redesigning the screens in WP7 (now WP7.5) with "Metro". You will see that the icons (which are called tiles) in the main screen are "alive" and are not static icons like the iPhone or Android or Blackberry. The tile gives you information about your contacts or a group of contacts (updates from Windows Live, Facebook, My Space, Messenger, Twitter and LinkedIn). Now many applications are using live tiles to give you specific information so don't have to launch the app to see some important information. Also live tiles make the main screen more attractive... I like them. Zune vs. iTunes After using iTunes for several years, I just realized that if you don't have an Apple's computer, then you will have some troubles using iTunes (at least that's my experience). I have to say that I like Zune much more than I like iTunes. Zune is all about multimedia, the user interface is really nice, full of watermarks which change depending of what you are viewing and that makes you enjoy using the software, the opposite feeling when I use iTunes which I consider boring and I use it because I have to in order to synchronize my iPod. Touchscreen I think Focus' touchscreen responds better than iPhone's 3GS or 4G. The screen responds incredible fast (compared to iPhone) and touch is very accurate (much better than I got in Touch Pro... I can't even compare them!) Marketplace vs. Appstore In Ecuador the items you can purchase from Appstore is very limited due copyright terms (but Apple opened many items last week for Ecuador). In US you will find a lot of more applications in Appstore than Marketplace, even though Microsoft is doing a great job with developers, but there is a long way to go. I would really like to have applications in Marketplace like Google Maps (even though you have gMaps) and Skype (which has been announced to be delivered be the end of 2011). If you think the applications are something really important when you have to pick your phone, then I recommend that you look at Zune or Marketplace if those applications you really like are available for WP7. If the application is not in available, then you can check at developer's forums if there are any plans to develop the software, but now you can find almost every great application in WP. Keyboard If you are used to type using a built-in keyboard (like Blackberry 9300 or similar), then you will have some troubles while you get used to type on the screen. iPhone's and HTC's keyboard work pretty much the same, both respond fast and the size of the letters are good enough to type without making many mistakes. You can turn on the grammar checker that helps you to correct misspelled words (several languages now with Mango Update). Even though 99% of the time I write in Spanish, I have to say that the spell checker works great. Office Hub I expected more from WP7 Office hub. The office applications are extremely basic and I still don't know how to synchronize documents from the phone to the PC (without using Skydrive), or transfer files from the PC to the Phone. Conclusion In conclusion, I am not an expert about phones; but I have used several models and OS and I really like WP7 (which is completely different of Windows Mobile. WM was the worst OS I have used!). With Mango Update (also known as Windows Phone 7.5) you can create groups of your contacts and pin the group to the home screen. Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS, but not everything is perfect, now I have to charge the phone twice a day, actually now I have a charger at home, at office and the car (I hope there is a way to fix this because the battery lasts some time 5 or 6 hours, if you play a game then it will last 1 hour). In the Message Hub now you can send messages not only using the regular SMS, you can send messages to your contacts in Messenger and Facebook Chat. The phone will let you know if the contact you are writing to is connected to one of those two networks (or both), otherwise it will suggest sending a regular SMS. I am really happy with this phone and I don't find any reason to go back to iPhone or change to Android. I also think this phone is better than HTC Surround due to a better screen, is lighter and has a better camera.This phone, coming from a previous Samsung phone user, is absolutely amazing. I have never had or even played with a phone this stellar. Previously I have had a blackberry, a galaxy and a gravity. There are many well created things that go along with this phone but at the same time, there are a few downsides. Here's a pros cons list to help out... Pros * Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used * Very easy to learn the functions included * A lot of customization options included in interface * Uses standard Micro-USB charger * Has X-Box live capabilities * A generous sized screen * Can use internet over WI-FI * Zune music and video Cons * Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours * If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T cannot send or receive pictures * Low quality camera Another heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone. Anyways overall, I would say that this phone is a 9/10 for battery use and X-Box live. I would HIGHLY recommend this phone if you are between two different ones.Excellent sellers! Excellent article!Did not like it prefer android as it did not suport my square credit card appGreat phone for 2010, now it seems outdated.I get this phone 3 weeks ago from another seller trough Amazon. Comes with the original box, charger, earphones and stuff. When I turn it on it came with a diferent version of Windows phone. Was a developer emulador version so I tought I cant update it but just instalo the Rogers carrier ron for this phone and you ser ready to go. mango ready. The battery is ok and I Live the Sper Amoled 4 ich screen. Works Dell with Movistar and Kolbi in Costa Rica. Recomended phone.the scratch on the screen was not as mild as described, in fact there were multiple scratches. wish I could get a discount. additionally the phone is a bit slow.Bought the samsung focus and i just wanna say i love everything about it, except the fact that it doesnt connect to 3g with tmobile :( i love the colors on the screen and how everything is set up. Upon opening the pbox and turning it on, i received and update for the software which was a big plus, so i now have copy and paste..Def a must buy!!!nice phone and very easy interface . zune application is simple and i installed mango update with no effort . also i managed to use 32 gb micro sd card .I bought this pone over a year ago and I still working perfect, is small, great design, the camera takes great quality pictures for 5MPwell, i can say that your product is so great and for me is working exelent ,have a very usseful aplications and wonderfull software...This phone unexpectedly crashes. Microsoft Windows for phones is another attempt from Microsoft to limit you to Microsoft applications, giving you a OS with less flexibility to adapt to your individual requirements.I did not care for the windows phone, so I returned it.had app & funtionality problemsThis phone was advertised as unlocked, when I installed my sim card, quite locked it is ! Thanks for a phone I cannot use.I have a T-Mobile month-to-month plan. I popped in my T-Mobile SIM card and the phone was good to go. I think my phone came with a defective battery: it takes over four hours to charge. I'm looking to get that replaced. The AMOLED screen is amazing. The system is fast, responsive, and looks great. It's programmed in C#, if you're into that sort of thing :-). But I'll skip all the awesome stuff that you've already read about. Let me mention a few of the current downsides. * You must use Microsoft's Zune software to manage music. I prefer mp3 players which act like USB drives. I.e. you plug them in and your filesystem browser displays the contents as regular folders and files. This Windows Phone doesn't work this way. There is apparently some registry hack to work around this, but it would be nice if Microsoft supported this out of the box. * No sleep timer - There are a couple of free ones on the marketplace, but they aren't ideal. * No FLAC support * No OGG support * T-Mobile users: Sending pictures in texts doesn't seem to work. * T-Mobile users: Seems like the data speed is limited to 2G. I don't have a high-end data plan so I'm not so concerned about this. The Wi-Fi speeds are great of course. UPDATE 2011-12-14 * I got picture texts to work by installing the Samsung Network Profile app and selecting 'T-Mobile' in it's configuration.I like them all and in fact I just received the laptop battery today but I think I t will be okay.Terrible phone that's all I can say it sucks !!!!!Excellentsuper easy to use. its an ausome smartphone. i use an at&t go phone sims. $25 plan i go right now and there is no problems. its big on techs without the high price. big screen, thin phone, its light. best phone ever!The phone is wonderful in almost every aspepct. Windows Phone is always snappy and easy to use and understand. The camera, screen, sound are very good. The battery can make it through the tought business days. The phone is also very light :). The shipping of the phone was very fast and even earlier than expected.very good productBought this as I am a WinPhone 7 developer. Overall, the phone didn't disappoint, but the OS can be made much better. On the other hand, the OS is decent, may be lack of good apps in the store for WP7.after restore to the facktory settings it was easy connect to ZUNE....Everyting i do...its running perfrectly, update possible. The pc does recognize the phone, its just awesome!AT&T should offer this all the time. For basic, no-tech users, this phone is simple to use and very responsive.Can not downling any software or any install apps can't watch the YouTube as wellsPhone keeps restarting after five minutes of use, as doenst come with warranty i just bought the most expensive paperweight bad productBetter than an I phone. Excellent phone. This phone is perfect if you are a windows fan. Only 1 draw back, (just my preference) is the ear speakers can be a little more on the volume.I was a little concerned when I bought this phone. Since i got it, it is fast and so easy to adapt to Windows Phone. I installed Zune on my laptop and the updates went easily. Just miss the apps, could have more.Really happy with his purchase. It works seamlessly with the Italian network (3 Italy, H3G). I added a micro SDHC 8GB Class 10 from Samsung, so I have a total of 16GB to store data. The version of the Samsung Focus is 1.3 and the latest update available is 7.10.7720 (dated February 2, 2012).RINGER TONE IS TOO LOW THAT IS MY ONLY COMPLAINT. OTHERWISE I LOVE IT. RECEIVED IT IN A VERY TIMELY MANNER AND IT WAS AS IF IT HAD NEVER BEEN USED.A+good celular too good price, is similar than lumia 720 but with small price and memory sd.I think that the windows phone have future in the world of smartphone and this is a good product1 month in service and phone no longer works. Can't dial out and cannot receive calls. The only thing it is good for is text.I bought this phone as gift and left US for 2 months. Found out that the touch screen of the upper part doesn't work, sometimes time phone hangs. I updated the software but the problem remained.GoodThere is one real problem with the phone.I have T-Mobile and you can not send or receive picture messages.I am not alone with this problem with this phone.Other than that the phone is ok.the cell phone is exactly what I expected. everything in order. ThankedThis phone is a high quality phone, however in due time it will be rendered obsolete. I only use it for Development. And, it's been rated in the top 10 on many other SmartPhone review websites. It was delivered with excellent packaging and a manual and extra protection on the screen and backside. If you plan on developing for the Windows Phone which has less than 2 percent of the entire phone market, then this cost-efficient phone is the one to get. Besides, with the popularity of the Iphone4s you may want to concentrate on iOS until the Windows Phone becomes worthy of Indie development. lol In other words, the phone is great, however the OS is not quite ready to compete with Android or iOS at this point in terms of popularity. :)Excellent experience all around. Delivery was quick, everything came as advertised, and the phone is terrific. If people would get over their Microsoft hangups they would see what a great platform Windows Phone 7 is.FineWindows seems to make things hard and incompatible with other programs. The phone works...bad phone, only work for 2 montsGreat starter phone for a teen but some may not like the windows style do research before buywp7is greater than i thought,it was faster and clean,i don't need to worry about rom or ram is not enough anymoreIt's a great device, faster and long battery life. The camara of 5 MB pixeles is fantastic.I strong recommend itat first this was awesome.. but then it stoped working. it worked for maybe 4 months. the service this unlocked phone got was horrible. come to find out, it was becouse it wasnt really unlocked. it was still AT&T and we dont have thier coverage where i live.Great solid phone. It is a bit old now ( released in 2010) but the Focus is very responsive and Windows 7.5 doesn't feel antiquated at all. Love it!!!I love the Samsung Focus, it's a great phone. I hate the Windows OS and the fact this it was once an ATT phone with their controlling software on it. can't even upload music to it. The gps is useless. Camera is decent, but downloading pictures to an Apple Mac is impossible. Windows is too restrictive of a platform to use. I use mine for a phone and alarm clock.excellent!Fast, great camera with a very good quality of the photo. Nice capacitive touch. The bad side is the poor market place of the windows.Not a good phone.This cellphone is nice . However I am unable to watch videos , there no way i can download apps .!!i love how easy it was to get to operate the phone and all the woderful functions that it can do.Beautiful screen, WP7 nice OS but that's all, saddly it can happen to you to receive a defective phone, there are two main problems with it: -Problems with the cell phone restarting without end, this can happen after using an app, any app in my case it was skype or the maps application -Mic not working Even when I was able to use the phone with the restart problem avoiding to use the smart part of the phone the mic problem rendered the cell phone into a piece of junk.Great phone, I Love it Windows Phone 7 is so much better than Android and well, iOS just is not competition. Awesome display, great call quality, signal, camera etc... Apps, well you're not gonna find Android's 500.000 apps, but what you can find now is what you need, until now I had no problems with any app that I want and that I can't find on Windows Marketplace, but some apps I would like are just comming. Windows Phone Mango is the most easy to use mobile OS you're gonna find, much better than Android, iOS, Bada, Symbian etc... I love my Samsung Focus, I bought it from IndyCellular4Less and I received in perfect conditions totally new unboxed, and it came in a retail box with battery, Wall Charger and USB Cable, I have no complain with it.The sim card holder cells, where the sim card make contact and transfer the data, were broken, and i have to replace it with part of the main board, the cellphone can not recognize the sim in the actual condition, so it can't be operate, just as an Mp4.The phone is pretty much as expected, case is perfect, screen is perfect, its like new but its a phone and therefore i have to be able to actually HEAR people with it in other words the auricular is messed up, i cannot use it unless i put it on speaker phone, big dissapointment.loving it since the functionality exceeds pricing. lets hope i'm able to upgrad it to 7.5. So far it is the best windows 7 phone.It can really do much if your not with AT&T, I dont use them for my phone service, so I guess am stuck with it!This product is in perfect condition and I loved it when I got it. It lasts for forever and everything shipped right on time. I'm happy with my purchase =)Zune did not recognize my device using similar cables, so have to purchase samsung cable... shouldn't they ship with cable like every other phone? (rhetorical)... Update - got cable, updated to 7.5, pleased with the functionality.The product is great i'm sure but the one I got is NOT UNLOCKED! I inserted 2 different T-mobile SIMS and an international SIM but none were recognized! Will be returning mine:(I didn`t like this product. It is difficult to use and until now I didn`t get install some applicatives like skype, facebook, games and others. I am very disapointed.was reported as lost as soon as it reached upsmaloVery goodme llego a tiempo muy bueno, excelente producto, era lo que esperaba .) h h hjh h m j ujFor sure is not an Iphone, but is good to be different. The phone is fine, nice ad works good! Some good specs like radio and the cameraSCREEN: The AMOLED screen is awesome! Much better than the iPhone, HTC and Motorola displays. It truly is amazing and works good in all conditions including outdoors. The Samsung Captivate (android phone) also has the same screen. If fact, Samsung is now switching all their future phones to use AMOLED. SOUND: The Speaker and call quality is very good. I have used a lot of phones and I can tell you this is the best yet. The speaker phone sounds just as good as a full size home phone. Compared to my daughters new iPod, the Focus speaker is way better, and she even admitted it. SPEED: Windows Phone 7 powered by the snapdragon 1GH processor is very fast. No lag, no screen delay, no issue flicking and scrolling. Fast internet browser as well. FEATURES: I am very impressed how polished Windows Phone 7 is, and I think its going to get better. Microsoft is putting a great deal of money into it and consumers get the reward. The Windows Phone 7 live tiles are so much better than old school icons on most other phones. SUMMARY: This phone is truly ahead of its time. There are people that will say the iPhone or Android is better, but that is only bias because they probably have never used this phone and compared the features I mentioned above. I am also looking forward to the WP7 mango update that has 500+ more features. This phone is amazing. - UPDATE 11/22. Running latest windows phone 7.5 mango update. Works great. A lot more high quality apps are now available. My wife got the same phone for free at ATT with 2 year contract. For $200 samsung now has a Focus S (based on the Galaxy S 2) which I guess is the next gen for this phone. Try it!I had no problems purchasing this item. The phones were speedily shipped and came fully boxed and packaged and SIM unlocked. Windows Phone 7 is a joy to use - slicker and more elegant than either Android or Blackberry phones. I like it more than Apple phones as well. The handset and the interface both feel modern and high tech and a very easy to use. And the text on the phone is big - which makes it much easier to read than any other phone. Everyone who has seen it wants one. Two things you need to know. The phone has an AT&T logo - which is a bit of a surprise when you first turn on the phone. And there is some bundled AT&T software that takes 30 seconds to uninstall. So this is more of a very minor one off solvable issue than anything. The second is that the phone operating system needs to be upgraded from Windows 7 to Windows 7.5 (Mango). This requires downloading and installing Microsoft Zune on your computer, hooking your phone to your computer, and checking for upgrades. The upgrade process also takes 30-40 minutes. This is a bit of a hassle. But still worth it overall. I am very happy with this Samsung Focus phone and Windows Phone 7.First off I have had this phone since August of 2011 so I have many great days of experience with this phone and what it can and can't do. Lets focus on the CAN DO part since there are so many more! It CAN: o Have an UNLIMITED amount of Email Accounts including military accounts. o Shoot HI DEF Video with great compression due to being a Microsoft WINDOWS 7 Operating System. o Can shoot thousands of photos before the 8GB of space fills up! o Works great with any Windows product because the same dudes designed it o Can take a beating. I've dropped mine several times, and nothing happened to it. NOTHING! o easy to work on. I've modified a few things on mine and it was SUPER easy to take apart with a video from YouTube.com o Open OFFICE Documents, and .PDFs easily without any fancy anything. o HAS N-WIFI, need I say anything else? o has the FULL version of IE 9.0.xxx internet browser, so you can go to any website! o lots of applications for sale and for free. Not as many as DROID or iPhone but catching up o High Def Screen built at the Factories in S.Korea. SAMSUNG makes most of the internal parts for Apple, Nokia, Sony, etc.. o Easy to use. So fricken easy to use! o Low Cost Smart Phone Option - Dude, got mine with an upgrade at AT&T and it cost $49.99. WOW! The iPhone was $299.99 at the time. o it can mow your lawn...OK it can't mow the lawn! But it can turn the lights, alarm system, and my car on from my bed! o SKYPE, yep, video call for free with a wifi connection. o it's 3G system, which is still fast enough to STREAM video from YouTube or wherever! o has great reception, unlike the other guys ;-) o it's light, black, and SEXY as heck :-) What it can't do: o Cook o Clean o Make Babies o wash your car o take out the trash o brush your teeth --- The only issue I have with this phone, which is minute, is the 1800mah battery. That is it, it needs the 3200mah battery factory. Otherwise it is a near perfect option for the entry level user of the Smart Phones. I am upgrading to the Galaxy SIII in a few months (maybe) but I will ALWAYS LOVE my Focus. I recommend this phone to anyone who wants a SOLID easy to use phone that has so many capabilities Gabe BoudreauI had an iPhone 3G for almost 3 years and was pretty certain I was going to upgrade to the iPhone 4S, but after playing with a friend's Samsung Focus for a bit, I figured I'd give Windows Phone 7 a try. I was able to purchase this phone without contract for the same price as purchasing a new iPhone 4S from ATT and extending my contract. I just popped my SIM card in and I was good to go--my grandfathered-in unlimited 3G iphone plan worked perfectly. The device itself is great. The construction is mainly hard plastic--which versus the iPhone's glass and metal, initially felt cheap to me, but its holding up well even after taking a few spills and SO much lighter than the iPhone. Nice curved edges and a slight taper from the top to bottom are nice design touches and make the device really nice to hold. The 5MP camera takes great pictures (flash works suprisingly well) and the 720p video is great. The 4 inch AMOLED screen is almost unbelieveable sharp and the colors are incredibly vibrant. If you have never seen an OLED screen, you will be suprised at how nice it looks. The OS is where this phone really shines. Yes, the appstore is lacking a lot of the popular apps that I loved on the iPhone, but it is getting better. The OS is super responsive, scrolling is super smooth, animations are consistent, pinch-to-zoom is just as good as the iPhone (and much better than the Android devices I've used). The Zune media player is great (even has an FM radio) and I find the interface to be much more intuitive than the iPhone. For this price, you'd be hard to find a better unlocked phone.I loved this phone over other similar sized android phone for the following reasons:(Pros) 1) I love the virtual key board over many phones i saw 2) Easy to make calls, save contacts and back them up 3) Easy to bring up camera and take photos( this phone has a hardware button to bring up the camera by holding it. 4) Easy to back up your photos to sky drive or share in face book.. fever strokes required than any other OS 5) best display from Samsung with gorilla glass(scratch less) 6) Beautiful pictures (not as good as iPhone 4s but better than iPhone 4 and i love to watch my old pics a lot) 7) All my Xbox updates at my finger tips Overall i believe this is the best windows phone 7. To compare with similar android phones just Google "why WP7 is better than android" and "why android is better than wp7" second one gives no results. Many people who really used wp7 will definitely stick to it. Cons: Charging port is on the top, its a little hard to use the phone when its charging.I just purchased this unlocked cellphone and I also got a metropcs SIM card. Once I activated the SIM card and registered it with my IMEI, I had to download Zune to update the phone because nothing would work. After 4 hours of updating I was able to see all apps. I could make calls and send/receive text messages! But the mms and internet still was not working. I resected the phone a few times, tried different apns that I found online, I tried to do the setting over the phone with a representative, Today I went to the store and the attendant blamed my SIM card (metro sent me by mail a nano card, which I had to put in the adapter that came together to fit in the phone), so he said I would have to purchase a new SIM (bigger). So I asked, as soon I get a new SIM Am I going to be able to send mms and use the internet and he said he wasn't sure about it. To me it sounded only BS because the phone can make calls, receive and send sms,, im able to send and receives msgs thru whatsapp and viber. Ive been searching a lot and it seems to be a very comom problem with Focus. but unfortunately Im still not able to make my phone worksSamsung has delivered a solid first generation Windows Phone 7 device. While the specs may seem under powered compared to your favorite iOS or Android device, the operating system is so light and efficient, there is no need for multiple cores. Translation - great performance and battery life without additional bulk and weight. This phone is fully compatible with Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango). I am not aware of any US carriers that block this update. I highly recommend this phone if you want a cheap, no-contract entry into the world of Windows Phone 7.i have only had this phone for a couple days, but i really enjoy it so far. everything is working and the screen is absolutely amazing. i really like it. even if i could not get all the amazing features as advertised by other operating systems, in other smart phones, on this one i am happy because the screen is so beautiful and my browsing experience is good. if you don't need to play a lot of games, and an app for everything, this might be a good choice.I got one of these from a pawn shop for $25 after losing my phone and needing a cheap backup. This phone came out in 2010, but it performs fantastically. Everything worked on it, it was smooth and fluid, and had no problems at all. I've gotten a new phone now, but I am keeping this as a backup in case I lose my main one again.I have had my Samsung Focus I917 for about two years now. I have had my phone replaced 7 times. The screen never works and its awalys freezing. The heat sensitivity dose not work well in the winter time, so when I get done with a phone call I cant hang up with out takeing my battery out.The phone is a windows phone so you have to use the windows app market.They are getting better apps but you cant get the same apps as the Androd or I-phone. Sucks beacuse I cant do the same things my friends a family can do with their I-phones. I am a teen and so I text a lot, it works good for texting. I hate that my phone will restart its self 3 times a day. I can never find cute cell phone accessories. A good thing about this phone is AT&T has paid for all of my replacment phones. You do not need a memory card for the phone to work and the screen is a nice size. In order to put music on the phone you have to have a super new hard drive in your computer and you have to be able to download Zune. With out Zune you can not up date your phone when the up dates come out and you can not post pitchers online. YOU CAN NOT SEND VIDEO FROM THIS PHONE!!This is the best first generation Windows Phone from Samsung. Samsung did a great job in getting things right, the battery life is excellent in this device. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for First generation Windows Phone.This is a VERY old phone and will never be able to run the latest Windows Phone software. The Nokia 635 is currently cheaper and will be upgradable to Windows Phone 10 in the future, so if you want a good phone now, look at something like that.Very good phone, not as well known as the other Samsung models, but still remains very very good. The phone comes with a version 7 and to download games and applications like whatsapp must update the software. It takes time to update, but its really easy , only need to download zune on the computer. The phone its really fast and worth it .Microphone does not work properly. The only way people can hear me clearly is when I use ear buds. Very disappointing.Might be a great phone but I got a defective one. Internet was not working and then when it did work the phone would stick like every hourThe phone came new and unlocked, i loved the design and optimized functionality. The phone is very fast! My friends liked it very much too, also the ones with android phonesThis is the best phone I've ever used. I'm nearing the end of my contract now (2 years in) and the phone is still going strong. Defintely buying Wp7 againexcellent product. Unlocked phone correctlyIt is the best phone, I've been using one for the past 6 months. Well thought out interface, fluid and smooth. Got myself a 8GB SD and exapanded the storage as well.Time and quality. 100% recommended. Thanks.phone sucks really dum it freazes up it logs me out of windows store automaticaly and freazes when i log into facebook and youtube dosent work and super cheap camera bad photos font buy.To anyone...I have an old jail breaked iphone which is not supported anymore and has a T-Mobile SIM card. Does this phone uses a SIM card? Would it work with T-Mobile? ThanksI love this phone, it's easy to use and has all the features i need. The service was fast. I ordered this phone on March 30th and got on April 3rd. It takes nice pictures and has video. The keys are a nice size. so you fellows will find this easy to use. This is a great dealThis was everything I expected it to be. Service was great and phone has been perfect for what I was needing.what can i say died after a month... was nice looking but stopped working , bought cheaper phone. since i still had min.I recently went through quite the ordeal of upgrading my flip phone to one more text friendly. The thing was, I couldn't hear or be heard when I was using the device as a phone. So back to square one, I found this phone on-line and after reading the reviews that talked about the clear calls it made, decided to buy it. I have not been disappointed. Great reception, seamless airtime credit added to my existing account, easy to understand features, etc. only reason I didn't give it five stars is the keyboard is a bit clunky feeling and the pads are easy to "double click", so lots of mis-sppellings!The Nokia C3 is a solid, well performing mobile device. I needed a phone that could make texting easy, and the combination of the firm QWERTY keyboard and large space-bar makes it ideal. Call quality is good. This phone is a great value if you're looking to get rid of a $50-$70 monthly plan. AT&T offers the best prepaid plan rates of all the major networks, and the $30 airtime card included with this phone gives you 300 minutes from the start.Learning to use it but so far going very well.Phone freezes several times a day. I have to shut it off and restart it.If you want to save money on the purchase of an expensive cell phone, this is a good buy. It comes with a battery, charger and USB cable and had I not known I was buying a used phone, I would have thought it was new. Free shipping is a plus, also. I will certainly consider this source again next time I am looking for a cell phone. The phone is unlocked so can be used with the sim card of any service supplier, whether in the US or outside. I purchased this as a gift for someone in the Dominican Republic and there was no trouble getting service from a local supplier. The phone requires a micro sd card if you want to save music and photos, etc. That does not come with the phone so should be purchased at same time, unless you already have a card you can move from another phone.Want to start off by introducing myself. I am a 19 year old male who enjoys technology. I am NOT a heavy user (maybe 90 minutes a day using my phone except for 6-8 hours playing music), but I do spend very many hours with a new device learning every nook and cranny of it as quickly as possible. This phone is a very interesting phone. The layout is VERY similar to a smartphone, however it is NOT a smartphone at all. It is what is called a feature phone; one of the smartest and most advanced ones made as of 2013. It feels a bit smallish. To give you an idea of the size of the screen, take a 3X5 index card (the kind with lines) and fold it in thirds (90 angle to the lines). Now  cut off one of the thirds and trim off the top of the card along the red line. This is the exact size of the screen. 2 stars for screen size. It's way too small. The battery life though, probably due in part to the screen size and basic-ness of the phone, is incredible!!!! If you use your phone heavily, as in all day long from 6AM until midnight, you can use it all day without a charge. If you don't use your phone much, it can go MANY days without a charge. I think I have had up to about 4 days on my phone, but I tend to have it running a good bit for music over headphones. 5 stars for the battery life! Here is a list of the built-in features: - texting (conversation layout. Relies on the memory capacity of the phone's built-in storage. If you intend to text on this phone but also have media stored on it too, PURCHASE A MEMORY CARD!!!!! It supports multimedia messages. I am running T-Mobile on it and I have NOT been able to successfully send any multimedia as of yet. I can however receive all of them. This is a carrier problem, not a phone problem. The touch screen keyboard however is very difficult to use. I love touchscreens (I have an iPod touch, an iPhone, and have handled MANY MANY different smartphones. This is the most difficult touchscreen keyboard I have ever used. It can be used but it is difficult and will slow you down. Use with patience. Calibration (at least with this phone) may be off slightly and differs with each key. Small size doesn't help any. It is NOT impossible to use and I have gotten SIGNIFICANTLY better with it over the past month. 3 stars for texting and keyboard. - calling (supports 3+ way calling, however I have never needed to use this feature so I cannot review this feature. Calling is pretty good but not excellent. At times especially at the beginning of a call I can faintly hear my voice with varying lag times, from nearly at the same time, to up to a second behind. 4 stars for calling. - connectivity. Yes it has wifi. It's good, however it will not be anything different than its 3G connection. And it's basic 3G, nothing fancy. Not too fast but works okay. 4 stars for connectivity, both for 3G and wifi - Screenshots!!!!!! :) push the bottom middle button and the power button on the top right side at the same time. - FM radio, a very good one at that. Must use headphones for radio to work. It records too! Excellent quality recordings. Very high quality. What you hear on the radio is exactly what the recording will be. In fact if you use the music player to play back your recordings, it has an audio plack mode called 5.1CH. I don't know what that stands for, but it makes the tones sound deep and rich. I cannot gett over the quality of the output. 5 stars for the radio! - Music player. Exactly the same look and layout of a Samsung Galaxy. It plays much better and significantly louder than almost any other feature phone. I have owned 6 feature phones in my life. This one is the best one for music. 5 stars for the music player! Just be sure to purchase a memory card. - Camera. Rear-facing only. 3.2mp (megapixels), no flash. It's actually pretty good for what it is. Max resolution is 2048X1536. Here is the resolution list in MP settings  3.2, 2.4, 2, 1.5, 1.3, and 2 for 0.1 mp: 400X240 and 320X240. The camera is highly customizable both before and after the picture is taken. It is full of very very many different editing options (for one who has the time to fish around for the fun of it) but they are all basic in nature. You can change color schemes, sharpen and blur images, even add basic clip art, words, and change font and color of words! It is an absolute blast to play with the camera. 5 stars for the camera!!!!!!! - Web browser. No exaggeration folks, but it stinks. Possibly the worst browser I've ever had. Most sites CANNOT load completely. It says it has run out of memory. The browser is sickeningly depressing. One star. However, it CAN DO YOUTUBE and it operates nicely on that site!!!!! (VERY WEIRD) The audio quality is somewhat poor and slightly garbled, and the videos aren't very clear and they are kind of grainy, but for how poor this browser is, it's shocking that it works!!!! It runs quickly and smoothly. 3 stars for YouTube. - Calculator. Very very good for a feature phone!!!! Comes with many features!!!! You can even scroll through all your old calculations! It is however a European phone and the decimals  are, well,  commas. Kind of different, but not bad! 5 stars for calculator hands-down! Incredible! Dictionary. Lots of words, a few unusual ones, but chances are that if you are a person with a very good education, and you need to reach for the dictionary, you will only find your word half the time. The definitions are broken down into extremely simple terms. EXAMPLE: Complicated: If you say that something is complicated, you mean it has so many parts or aspects that it is difficult to understand or deal with. And then there are examples of uses of the word. 4 stars for dictionary. - Notes. Good for what it is for. Basic. No need to elaborate. 3 stars because of keyboard. - clock, alarm clock, stopwatch, tasks  they all work very well. 5 stars. - calendar. Very good! Lots of things you can do with it. Very much like an iPhone calendar! 5 stars. - have not used twitter Facebook or all that other social media stuff. Cannot write a review on that - email. Plugged in all the correct information and it refused to work on both 3G and on wifi. Phone problem, not carrier or my fault. - Voice memos. Works as good as any other device. They are all almost the same. Records for 12 hours. 4 stars??? I don't know. Hard to say for sure. - Samsung apps and widget store. Blah. Stinks. Very little stuff at all. Most of it can't even be downloaded. Sometimes the very basic site itself can't even load because it says not enough memory. 1 star. - Games. Can download and run any 240X400 J2ME app for touchscreen phones. Expect only the most basic functionality of it though. The best place I have found for these apps is a place called umnet.com. Be sure to do your browsing on the COMPUTER!!!!! This phone can't load that site. There is a download page the phone can use and it is umnet.net instead. Have fun. 4 stars, but keep in mind, it's 4 stars for what it is DESIGNED to do, not for how good it is compared to a smartphone!!!!!! Well that's about it! If you are going to PURCHASE this phone, here are some helpful tips. The phone kind of has TWO DIFFERENT screen formats, each with their own style, format, layout, whatever you call it. When you "slide to unlock" the first thing you will see is a background with these app-lookin thingies called widgets. These make your phone run heavy, however they can be helpful little tools. These are downloaded from the samsung App Store. These can be added and removed by tapping the widget button on the top left of the screen. A row of app icons will appear at the bottom of the screen. Those are all your widgets. You can scroll through those. To open them, slide them vertically out of the row and onto the screen. To close them, slide them off the screen down into the little scrolling row. To edit the number of screens, STILL IN WIDGET MODE, turn the screen horizontally (landscape mode) the + signs add screens, the delete symbols delete screens. Press the done button when you are finished with your editing. The other apps screen is when you push the middle home button. These are all your real apps I wrote a review on. These CANNOT be moved to your widget screen. To leave the apps screen press the end call button on the right side of the middle button. When you open an app if you press the home button it takes you to the apps screen and the power button takes you to the widgets screen. Many apps can all run at the same time. To force close programs, hold down the home button. Tap the delete button to force close. On any screen if you run your finger from the very top of the screen downward, it opens your notification and quick settings tab. You can turn on and off wifi, Bluetooth, and silent mode from here. Also if you have your music or radio running, all that can be changed from here as well  change track, play and pause, and change frequency or pause radio in the radio.Not a very simple phone to use, very old basic kind of phone, is not as simple and basic as it should be. I bought it for my mom so she can use to only make phone calls and occasionally text but it is a hassle. Within 2 weeks the touch screen became non-responsive. This phone should no longer be made and sold!! Unless you like the old classic phone and stuck in those times and ways then this phone will not surprise you.Good Phone.the menu button didn't work after three months later, but the seller refused to fix it even they said it's US warranty in the title. i tried to contact the Samsung custom service to fix it, but they said my cellphone is not sold in US and it do not have the warranty. therefore, i don't recommend to buy this cell phone, there are at least one year warranty for any electronics if you buy it locally.This phone is much too small, and also the instructions are in a language that I cannot understand.do not like it at all.Ps I speak English.greatUsed it on AT&T without data plan. Good for someone looking for voice only. It has Wifi and can connect to internet. Guess it should work on any network in US.Good Phone for Kids that you don't want to pay for a data plan. Takes a little work and google hunting to get the configuration for the internet to work with all apps and mms at the same time but once set it works great.Good phone for the money, however, all the instructions came in German ( I do not speak German ) I am still guessing some of the features and at times it is frustrating. Also, sometimes, the volume goes lower by itself....for my hands/fingers. I managed to pass it ahead and it's still working after all this time so it's a real Samsung above all considerations. Should bear Android, though!This mobile has good functions and seems like Iphone 4S. LOL. The camera's effect is amazing. You can search free wifi by this mobile. Recommend it!I must admit, i prefer my older phone with an actual keypad. the gyroscope is very annoying unreliable. sometimes you'll want the keyboard to turn on its side but it dosnt. "general" settings on the phone don't all work. the double tap shortcut feature dosnt work... apps. this has annoyingly few apps that you can download online. same with ringtones and ect. the samsung website dosnt even have an app website for american users. like what the fun? honestly. Wifi, yayyyyy it has wifi! LOVELY OH MY GOD i'm so in love with this phone NOT! whats the point of having wifi if it dosnt even have enough processing power to run half of them? i couldnt even get onto the USPS website because it didnt have enough processing power. what a terrible phone right? this is not a very internet browsing oriented phone. all in all. aside from annoying features, it does what a phone is supposed to do pretty well. texting listening to music, calling is easy enough. oh also the zoom function is difficult to use on this phone.This phone is really good. The screen is capacitive, unlike the previous Samsung star, so it's really easy to use. The music player is great, and the phone supports multi-tasking (though it drags the performance down a bit). Perhaps my favorite feature about this phone is the WiFi. For those of you who don't have a data plan, and don't plan on getting one for the future, the WiFi is a really nice touch because it allows you to browse the internet without being forced in a 2-year contract. Most of the phone that have wifi are smartphone, which carriers are requiring a data plan with, but this phone is a feature phone. wifi is a great "feature" on a "dumbphone". The only problem I have with this phone is the annoying QWERTY keypad while texting. The keys are really small, and I frequently press the "back" key instead of the "backspace" key. I'm getting used to it though, and it's also helpful that this phone has a feature that is similar to android's "swype", where you slide your finger across the keyboard to type. the internet browser is good, and the phone supports youtube videos. the quality isn't the greatest for videos that have a lot of action, but for the occasional stand-up comedian video, this phone performs sufficiently. the phone sports a micro sd card slot, so I can load all my music on the card and play it on the phone. I have at&t in the us, and the phone started working immediately after i put the sim card in it. the batter life is above average, but it doesn't blow you away. overall, i'm very happy with this phone.This is a great phone. I have had a lot of cell phones but this is my second trully unlocked phone. It is a bit smaller than expected but still a great buy. Capacitive touch screen is as good as any and maybe better than some. The phone memory is not great at all but I use external storage so it matters very little. The touch screen keyboard has a learning curve for those with large fingers. The free hand write mode is fantastic. Only down fall with this phone for me is it is not voice activated and it does not seem to have speed dial. I think that the memory , it being non voice activated and possibly non speed dial should be stated in the description of the phone. I would purchase for a family member or friendI am very satisfied with this cell phone - despite the recommendations of others. Easy menu. Have a 4GB SD card to store my pictures. Display big enough for all I need to see with it.Cover basic functions of a smart phone but I didn't like so much de interface. I notice some trouble with de touch screen as well. I did like the design (size, color and weigh) of this phone. I think I would spend a little more money and try to buy a better smart phone next time.I love this phone, my first smartphone, and I am very pleased with the features it has. It is a basic yet elegant phone, great design, size and shape. Perfect for someone who is not looking to have a lot of features or is on a budget. Awesome product at a great price.No problems whatsoever with this phone. In fact, after I got the first one (black) I ordered a second one (white) Wi-fi + B'tooth 100% good on both.MUY BUENOJunkThanks!Nothing works right and it has a mind of its ownThe phone came in like new condition. No marks or scratches. But the features on the phone didn't work such as mms, internet etc. I brought it to a store for trouble shooting and the problem was the phone was defected. I don't know what happened with the manufacturing or maybe it was refurbished, am not 100% sure. But if the functions of the phone were operative, then it would have been perfect and i wouldn't have been disappointed unfortunately.My husband is not a person who is into all those technical phones so this one seemed simple enough and he loves itCan't use phone on metro with that phone I'd. Waste of moneyI'm sure this is a great phone it just would not work for Metro pcs network even though it stated it would.i used this phone for parts for mine great buyI've only had it for one day so far but I like the phone it's a very simple home just like I wanted. Shipping came fast as well .This is legit. Just like i expected. Very good. I bought it to replace my broken Samsung Freeform 3. Really goodI love the phone myself..Started out with 4 of them for the entire family. The features I like best is the easy to use keypad and the MP3 music player I have downloaded tons of my favorite albulms and listen to it wherever I go with or without headphones. Speaker is nice and loud. My least favorite is that it does not have a video option. It has a camera but no video. As well as the small screen. It's a good phone for the money :)Samsung Freeform III Prepaid Phone (MetroPCS)This is and good phone for starters users. It does have some PROS and CONS of it that other communities. The Pros: Good for staters and that can't get other cell phnes. You can get FREE add ons that other companies and they raises your bill Like: Web, unlimited talk, unlimited text and photo messaging, 3-way calling and more payment doesn't go up if used all day memory card slot to put ringtones and photos to and from your computer And can also be used as a MP3 player The Cons: The keypad is alittle small The speakerphone needs a upgrade battery life could be upgraded to a longer lasting But overall I give it four stars and would recommen it to someone if not the phone then the community to them before other communities.I used this phone for several months and never had a problem! Only small issue may be the little keys, but it didn't bother me one bit. Excellent phone!I upgraded from the Freedom II. That was an excellent phone. The Freedom III is the worse phone I have had in over 10 yrs. After a week I had problems deleting text messages. It turned on by itself several times. Currently it is charging without being plugged in. STAY AWAY!!!!!I have had this phone for less than a month so far but it seems to be a pretty decent phone for me, and what I need it for which is to Talk and Text, yes the keyboard is small but I think I am getting used to it. I have not been out of my area yet so I have not had any problems with it not getting a signal. (which is what everyone is tells me that Metro PCS does not get a signal in some areas) I would recommend it to others who is not looking for anything fancy, just a basic phone.A decent phone with decent call quality, decent reception, decent battery life, decent keyboard etc... It serves me well for what I need it for(texting, calling).Since the phone provider (metro pcs),would cost more then the one I have used over the yrs I sent it back,the overall choices that looked available by turning it on and going through the diffeent icon choices it looked like it owuld have been a good phone.Havent jumped on the smart phone bandwagon yet. this phone is easy to use, durable and easily customized. great improvement from the freefom II.my son has had two of these, very durable, they work very well, great battery life and it very compact like a cookieBought it for daughter, but they won't activate these anymoreworks well and doest everything i want it to do, the only thing is that it dies in a day, i expected to last a little longerJust as I expectedIt's what I expected, no complaints.Quick Shipping and product was on point.the phone is on bad condition, already worn out. the paint of the cellphone was worn out and falls down.Brand new phone with charger, can't beat the price or the new item. Thanks againWorks perfectly and is amazing.. one thing was it was supposed to come with a charger yet.. it didn't, but other than that I loved it..Item was as discribedBought this in a metropcs store! If you don't like all the mumbo jumbo on the newest phones, and instead of a portable computer, are content with a cellphone that last you longer than a few hours, this phone might be the right one for you! It's a blackberry style, simplistic OS, and days of battery life (about 5 days when not using it much, 3 days when calling like a few times per day). It has all you ever need in a cellphone and more. Can compete with Android in some sense, that it has the capability to install basic tools and games; although the tools are not for free. It has a built in: - alarm - chronometer/stopwatch - Text messaging, and MMS picture sending - Basic 1x speed browsing (costs money) - voice recorder - Music player - Still picture camera - Calculator - Calendar with reminder - world clock - Memo pad (text) - Nice music sounds, fonts, and themes. - Vibration and dynamic alarms (soft to louder) - Can speak caller's name when phone rings ("Call from ...") It has 105MB of internal memory, 5MB in use, so a good 100MB for your pleasure. Supports upto 32GB microSD cards (I did not test any larger cards) The back speaker can be quite loud; the internal speaker for conversations, much like many other phones, crackles when putting the volume to max. Camera takes pictures of upto 1280x960 pix. Usually this is an upscaled version of the 640x480pix native resolution.I started out with the Freeform II, which was my first step beyond the standard candybar phones. It worked well for the most part, but after a year of service, the mic suddenly decided to die. I figured it was a good excuse to check out the next version of the phone, which had improved spacing and size for the keys (a big plus for somebody with bear paws for hands like myself). Big mistake. While calls still sound good, the interface is slow and choppy, especially while trying to send text messages. There's nothing more frustrating than typing like mad, only to have the phone seemingly freeze for a couple of seconds, and completely miss multiple words' worth of typing. To experience it multiple times during every single message is painful enough, but that same halting behavior is noticeable with almost every feature interaction possible, short of actually dialing a phone number. At 1.3MP, the camera is pretty pointless, save for reference images, but be prepared to re-snap often, and only in solid daylight. Move too soon before the freeze-delayed snap, and you'll get a blur instead. As a music player it does a fair enough job, and the full-size headphone jack is definitely a plus. However, even though it will drive a regular set of headphones well enough for tunes on the go, beware: if a call comes in while you're jamming, the music in the headphones will suddenly stop, but the ring tone only sounds on the phone itself. I suspect you have to shell out for a stereo hands-free kit before you get to hear your phone's rings over the headphones, but that's not so important to me, so I'll never know for sure. To make matters worse, even though its predecessor worked with Samsung's PC Studio phone management software at least enough to back up the phone book (the Freeform II wasn't special enough to be supported for any of the other interesting features like SMS management apparently), the Freeform III isn't even recognized by the latest version of the program at all! This is especially shameful, considering Samsung ships a copy of PC Studio with the phone. If it weren't for both models having the ability to transfer contacts over bluetooth, I would've been stuck transferring 180+ work phone numbers to the new phone manually, since there's no way to store the phone book on the SD card with either model. All in all, while I felt like I got a decent bang for my buck with the Freeform II, I feel a bit cheated this time around with the Freeform III. Sadly, Samsung has never released any kind of update for the II, so I'm not exactly holding out any hope that they'll do any bug fixing -let alone proper updates- for this one. If all you want is decent call quality, this phone will do the job, but then again, if that's all you need, there's no reason to spend $50 on this thing when a smaller, cheaper phone will do the task just as well.Had it for a couple days and the coverage is truly pathetic. Smack dab in the middle of the home base where I should have excellent coverage and I have 0 - 2 bars inside buildings and 3 - full bars on the road. Doesn't make sense. As I am strapped for cash currently I had to go with the cheapest I could find and currently metro is having a promotion of $25.00 unlimited minutes and text for the life of the phone. I haven't much of a choice since I need to cut back and this is far better than the $70.00 I was paying with ATT. So far the called go through relatively well and they can hear me but I get choppy sound at times from callers. The buttons are a bit small as is the phone itself. Odd thing is I added some ring tones to added storage and all the ones I added were almost complete silent, you could barely hear them while the stocked tones were normal volume. This frustrated me completely......after multiple tries of deleting and re-uploading I got the same results. During the process I had also turned off and turned on the phone. All of a sudden and for no apparent reason the tones I added just started playing at the proper volume.....and I simply have no clue why. I think it takes too much clicking around to plug it into a PC.....First you have to plug it in, 3 of my PCs errored when they tried to install the software but it seems you have to go into your menu and clock a few levels in and activate the USB storage before the phone goes into an "inoperative mode" and your PC can then access the files on the memory card. There were several annoyances I needed to play with (one especially annoying was your keys lock each time it goes into sleep mode and I had to unlock them each time to use the phone) before the phone was more functional to my taste. The battery is pathetic as well. After a day it was already losing charge. My last phone, even after 2 - 3 days still had a full charge. The camera is useless but I didn't get a phone to use as a camera so not big deal. Had metro not had such a good promotion I would have returned it for another carrier other than ATT. With the promotion though you are only given 48 hrs to return the phone. I guess you get what you pay for. Update, 3 days of ownership and on a full charge this piece of junk died after 40 minutes of talking, 40 minutes!!!!!! This piece of junk is going back tomorrow.Bought the phone 15 months ago, so it's out of warranty now. I have never dropped it, yet last week the camera just stopped working. I've tried everything I could find on the internet to get rid of the message "Camera Error," that is, restarting the phone, removing and reinserting the battery, and performing a complete Restore. Didn't work for me. That is too bad, and I am now looking for another phone, and it won't be a Samsung. This appears to be a very common problem for the Freeform, even with the Freeform II, and Samsung should have addressed this long ago, IMO.I wanted a phone for phonecalls and texts and a provider who offered good connectivity, and decided on MetroPCS and the FreeForm 3. 1-What a great phone! No dropped calls, easy to set up, and everyone on my contact list has been thanking me for changing to MetroPCS (from Cricket); they can hear me far more clearly and crisply. 2-And a shout-out to MetroPCS customer service; I'd bought my phone from the local MetroPCS store, and the store owner deliberately overcharged me and then basically said 'so what.' Recieving no satisfaction from her, I called customer service - who quickly resolved the dispute by issuing me a credit for the amount the store overcharged. I should have changed to MetroPCS long ago.The Samsung Freeform III is perfect for what I need it for. It has good reception in my area. The keyboard is comfortable to use which allows me to text more efficiently. Small enough to keep in my pocket and use it at work. Has withstood a couple of falls and spills but still working. Definitely recommend it if your looking for something simple, cheap and solid.This phone is worse than my first free Cingular phone - it's not intuitive, reception is miss or miss, difficult to type on, battery life about half a day with minimal use, speakerphone does not work out of box, feels and looks like a dollar store pocket calculator, complete garbage.Tried repeatedly several times to activate this phone with Verizon and could not. Was on with Verizon for over 3 hours at one point, working with different individuals, and finally Verizon said the phone wouldn't accept activation, not on prepaid (no contract) nor contract plan. There was absolutely nothing they could do. Contacted seller for refund, they'll refund upon return of phone (return shipping at my expense).I just received my phone 5 days early and should you need a flip phone, this is a great one. My husband hated his smart phone that I talked him into a year ago. Things have gone downhill since then so I got desperate to find a used flip phone even though I still have 14 months to pay on the phone he hates. It was my fault. He is happy and is back to the phone that he is familiar with and no longer frustrated and the phone is great. Calls are clear, battery lasts several days with him talking for a couple of hours in a day. Have not needed tech support.Ordered this phone based on positive reviews... Wasted a couple hours trying to activate with Verizon customer service online...Was told that I needed a SIM card to activate and that I should go to Verizon store and I could get one at no cost there and get activated. Drove 60+ miles round trip to Verizon store...only to be told that this phone CANNOT be activated by Verizon at all...and in fact, all of these phones will be terminated in 2020. Extremely disappointing. A complete rip off. If only I could give zero stars! Thank goodness for Prime and being able to return for full refund! But what a hassle!Took it to Verizon to set up. They were not able to transfer all the phone numbers or pictures from my mother's old verizon flip phone (old as in they don't even sell her type of phone anymore). Once I got home I was able the input her information myself and transfer pictures from my to hers. I got two phones with purchase. The second one is the bbc up if the first one stops working. It's easy for her to use, has big numbers and is more durable then her old phone.Used PagePlus' online chat support to replace my old handset with this one. In just a few minutes, I was able to make & receive calls and SMS messages. Phone looks like new. Inserted a MicroSD card, rebooted the phone, and was able to transfer .mp3 & .jpg files (via included USB cable) from laptop to phone. Cannot transfer files via Bluetooth, but can send pictures & vCards. Paired this with my old phone, and was able to transfer about 300 contacts from my address book in a couple of minutes. Paired it with a Bluetooth speaker which doubles as a headlight for my bicycle (the reason I purchased this phone), and am able to play .mp3 through the external Bluetooth speaker. Sound quality from the external speaker is not as good as I had hoped, but it sounds fine through my laptop / headset. (was an accident, I had paired the laptop to transfer files to the phone, which didn't work, but when I started the audio player, it played through my headset, which was connected to the laptop) It actually has decent sound playing through its internal speaker. Call quality sounds very good, in my limited test. The flashlight is a nice feature. Update: I found this phone does not have the feature on the "Call Settings" menu to permit you to select the phone number used when the call is not answered. It just isn't a feature on this model. Normally, a call forwards to the network provider's voicemail system after X number of rings (CFNA) by default. Since I'm a geek, and I'm too lazy to keep track of multiple mailboxes, I didn't want to use the additional mailbox from PagePlus. I have a mailbox which is more feature rich with my VoIP provider, and this cell phone is just part of a "find me" group. I was able to work-around the problem by contacting PagePlus' support via chat. They enabled "call forwarding" feature on my account, so I could use the "*71" feature code to specify the CFNA destination.I ordered this phone to replace my Father's flip phone. He wanted to stay with a phone that was as close to his old phone as possible. This phone had turned out to be a good buy. Two day shipping was awesome.This was a replacement for my mom's flip phone. She has dementia and has lost her phone several times. As long as I can continue to I will order these phones on Amazon for her. Thank you for the quick shipping and the phone arrived in fine shape and was easy to activate on the VZW network.I ordered this for my husband who wanted a new flip phone. He likes something simple to use and this fit the bill. Seems to keep a long charge and works well!The phone arrived quickly and was packaged great with a power cord .The features seem to be fairly easy to access except adding music files however it may be relative to the old operating system I am still using(Windows XP) .The only real hang up i have is the battery case lid which feels flimsy so i highly recommend a case to protect the battery from dust particles .Got phone for father birthday because of his free cheap flip phone is going out. Phone arrived early on the delivering time frame and phone was in orginal box. Phone came in brand new condition and had protective cover on outside screen still. I gave it a five star because review the phone is now fully charged and only needs actived.This is a rugged phone with some problems that the previous version did not have: the ability to lock the front keypad and the automated "In a meeting" text response. There is a software update to address these problems which I installed. This marginally improved the lock button function but it's far from perfect. You must depress the lock button, wait for the message 'External Keys Locked' and then continue to wait for the front display to go completely dark before holstering the phone. If you don't wait, the phone will dial out or turn the flashlight on. The "In a meeting" automated reply seems to have been addressed in the software update but it still happens occasionally.Crap. The phone we received couldn't be activated because Verizon showed it was already activated by someone else. Had to return it for a refund.Over the past five years I have bought about 12 used flip phones, and things usually work out fine. Both times I bought a used Samsung Convoy 2 the phone behaved erratically (flash light comes on randomly and exhausts the battery; phone makes calls on its own when no one is holding it, etc.). A new model would probably be fine, but I will not buy another used one.The phone works just that these phones keep messing up after awhile The buttons are so close I keep hitting other buttons instead. It's something to get use to.The range is wonderful, I live where it's hard to get out & this one is great never have any problems with that.Verizon no longer accepts this phoneThis is the exact samd my wife had . Love this model for us the bakkery lasts a week!The original Convoy served me well. As I dropped it a few times, I realized it really is not a rugged phone like the old Boulder I still have for a backup. Liking the better camera I checked w/ Verizon and the price was too high for the Convoy 2, which led me going through Amazon listings. I was surprised to get one that looked and operated like new. Delivery was swift-and well protected.This phone takes a lot of beating but dose not do well if dropped in a container of waterThis is perfect for anyone who is hard on phones. My husband has now owned two of these; it holds up very well to being dropped on a variety of surfaces, exposed to extreme heat and cold, and offers everything he needs without the unnecessary frills of a smart phone.Awesome phoneJust got the phone up and running. Everything is perfect so far. 5 stars for expection of this phone for appearence compared to description as written by seller. On time delivery and all items in box as described as well. Will update if any problems occur.Perfect replacement phone for the one that my Mother-in-law dropped into a toilet - not 100% waterproof! I purchased a refurbished unit for a very inexpensive price & it works great.The phone discharged real fastOrdered this as a replacement. Came quickly and the setup was super easy. Didn't even have to call the phone company. Came in great condition. Liked it so much ordered another!It is exactly what I wanted. I got it to replace my husbands phone. We already had this model phone for years and liked it so much we wanted to stick with it. Delivery was just as promised. Love it.This is a rugged phone and has stood up to being dropped several times so far. I bought this phone to replace an identical one that the screen had cracked (and not yet time for upgrade) so you could not see who was calling, pictures or text! My husband does not like smart phones so this is great for him. If you like flip phones this is a great phone to have.Nice little phone if all you need is a basic phone. Sound quality is good when receiving and making phone calls.This phone is not rugged. The packaging was also the chintziest I have ever seen. It is serviceable and basic, but it does not deliver on the "rugged" quality.Flip phones and pretty tough.Prior contact list had to be deleted one at a time. Otherwise satisfied.I'm getting deaf. It is apparently designed to be audible above the noise of heavy machinery and ruggedly-built. It works!it did everything my old one did and that is what i wanted. I didn't want a phone that was smarter than I was and I needed to have a phone that was reliable. This is it.Great phone for papaw. He dont know technology.Spotty reception indoors- the person on the other end of the line is always quick to remind me. I'm on the Verizon network, so dont think the carrier (coverage area) is the issue. My sister owns a different phone with MetroPCS service, and she gets crystal-clear calls while indoors. (Even though we live outside of Greater Boston, and MetroPCS service is based in urban areas)Phone itself is great, the Verizon packaging was lousy. The phone has no instruction book or warranty papers. Just the phone, charger and battery rattling around in the box.Product as advertised, works greatHusband very happy with this new flip phone, HATED his "smart" phone!This phone served it's purpose, though it could not withstand the abuse from a toddler. It worked even when it was crumbling apart, so that's saying something.The phone was fine. The battery that came with it didn't work. Had to buy a new one and needed it too quickly to bother asking for another to be sent."I purchased this item & got it pretty quickly & have had it since Nov 4th. It has been a very good phone & was just like the one I lost so I was familiar as to how it works. It was as described w/some scratches but it's functionality has been superb. I'm very happy w/the purchase & would buy from this seller again!!!"The phone was like new, and came with battery and a new charger. Verizon did the transfer of the old phone files and settings to the new one, for free.The phone has a memory card capability to it and it uses the same charger as most current phone and even the Kindle. Some models I have been told comes with either the camera or not.Purchased for my husband...Had a phone just like this previously and when it died Verizon .had none like its available so my husband was very pleased to find this one which was just like his old one. Great phone and very rugged which is what he needs in .his line of work.Should be the only phone you can get. It's as close to what is still called a "phone" that there is.great condition just as advertised 1Great phone. Husband needed one like his old one that was durable and didn't cost us a fortunate!worked right out of the box, no problemsGreat phone and a Great price!Grear little flip phone.Love it , the battery life lasts longer than my smart phone. A good little second phone to own and useI love the phone thinking about buying a couple of moreThat phone not supported by Verizon Network.great job samsungThis is a nice phone but it won't work with verizon pre paid plans. The phone is in great shape but I can't use it. Good phone.It is a replacement for my Convoy U640. I am very happy with the basic phone.Strong and lastingthe phone itself is easy to hold, buttons are well located. Have not used it yet have to change the phones interior with another phoneWhat's not to like I can drop in a puddle and still make phone calls.My 2nd convoy 2. Love it!Appears nearly new. Phone functions completely as expected. Battery already had nearly a full charge. No issues activating the phone. Never needed to call Verizon.It was everything I expected. Love this phone very durrable. it has been dropped a lot and still works love it.well pleased thanksI love the flip phone, now and forever!!Great phoneDelivery was speedy. Phone was the same model I was replacing (due to my carelessness) and, while not as nice as my new one, is acceptable for the price. Just has some dings & scratches. Works fine so far.bought this for my boyfriend and he is very happy with it.phone came in good condition. My husband gets frustrated with the text format, but that is not the phone's fault!like very muchArrived fast! Works great.Good Phone thanks :) it works great and was a much cheaper price than Verizon wanted for the same phone..Works fine but scratched more than it lookedGreatSo far the phone works good......there were some scratches on the phone.the recipient was thrilled with it.Update 7/20/18 I still have my phone. It still works great. I have dropped it several times and it still works great. I love it! If these are still available, consider it for seniors. The newer phones are changing how they work and it confuses my father. When he goes out I send him with my phone... His birthday will be here soon! I lost my last phone by having it slip out of my pocket and into the 2" of water I was trying to pump out of my parents home after heavy rains. That was the last straw after dropping the phone many times before. This seems sturdy and it is simple. I am not a complicated gadget person. I like to make calls, have the ability to take a photo and have a variety of fun yet simple ring tones. This phone does that. There seems to be a little bit of a delay after I press buttons- I would like it to be a bit quicker, but a fair trade for something that will take my clumsiness.Just what I wanted, everything is Hunky Dory Thank youI really enjoy my new phone..because I have MS a lot of phones are hard for me to hold this one is perfect for me..and might I add the company I bought this phone from are very honest and care more about the customer than making the dollar..by accident I ordered 3 phones but only needing 2.. The customer service at this company contacted me to make sure I needed all 3 phones..then when I told them I only needed 2.. The instructed me on how to cancel one of the phones....I would recommend this phone and also the company both are amazing...it's been a long time since I have done business with such an honest company that was very easy to contact and cared about my satisfaction with the product more than them making a dollar...speaker didn't work I had to send it back,Works great and looks great!I glad i can replace my sons broken phones with used one, that are in good working order. He has a real problem with working in construction to keep them from getting damaged.The phone was exactly as advertised. Shipping was fast, it was easy to activate and my wife is very happy. It replaces the one she took swimming.I bought a used Convoy 2, and am thrilled beyond words. it looks better then advertized and functions perfectly. I wouldn't hesitate buying another product from this Company !Thanks.im having a lot of problems with this keeps cutting off on I have to keep taking the battery out and back in so it wiil power back up not happy...goodBought for my husband and he was like a kid with a new toy. Great Christmas present.this phone was awsom and as soon I opened it up I was connected to verison.Just like my old one that I take a lot of crap over keeping.Phone works like a charm. Deliever was insanely quick. This company's customer service is 100% satisfaction. I am extremely satisfied.My other convoy broke 2 months before my upgrade. I bought this phone used, through Amazon and it came faster than they said it would. The condition of the new, used phone was better than I expected.the phone I got was a little more scratched then I thought it would be but the main problem I had with it is that it wasn't even cleaned up. it still had sticky hand prints all over it. realy?Great phone. Almost Indestrucitble!great durable flip phone.does everything I need it to doJust what I wanted.. If I did not have to delete contacts, I would have thought it was brand new.The battery doesn't work. It wont hold a chargeGoodWithin two weeks of receiving this phone, the LCD panel was blank, and I could not get any activity to appear on it. The company who sold it to me did not respond to multiple emails/phone calls and though I submitted a query to my credit card, it was not approved so I ended up paying for a phone that did not work.horrible. got it and plugged in for charge even all day long. The battery does not hold charge at all.just what he wanted.Good condition, works greatWorks as well as the original I bought and dropped in water. A new one would have been too much to pay for againPhone has good range. Was not new as advertised on web site, but is in good shape.This is a very good phone if you do not want a data plan/phone. The phone has very good sound and charging qualities.Nothing fancy but exactly what I paid for so I like it. Got it on time as well.I really like this phone for my purposes. It is very easy to use and very durable. I lost my last phone so I got a new case that should serve me betterHusband loves his reconditioned phone and the price is right especially when he goes through cell phones like nobody's businessIt's ok,but doesn't have instructionsItem just as described, fast delivery and works great!Great used phones.We recieved the phone in a timely manner with everything we were told would come with phone...Great phone and shipped fast.Thoughts buttons would be a little bigger. Very easy to use for my dad who has large fingers and just needs a simple phone.Excellent!!!Great basic phone.Yes just what Dad needed! Thank you!AwesomeWe received the phone in excellent condition as we expected. It was very easy to activate and is working fineworks great just as seller saidShipping was a bit slow, not the sellers fault, but the product was greatGreat phone. Large buttons and easy to use. Recommend it to anyone who needs a rugged easy to use basic phoneJust what I wantedworks greatTerrible -- worked well for less than two hoursGood basic phone.I LOVE IT. 5 starsdirty but it worksWorked greatNever got the phone to access the data. I could only use the text and talk. Would not receive messages that had data connected to it like pics. I tried through several sources to get this phone to work with no success. When I finally decided after being on the phone with tech support for an entire day, I see that I missed the return deadline by two days.First off the phone is not the best of shape. The charger that would fit this phone does not. The cover for the charger area on the phone is gone. The information given for this phone should be ashamed of there like brand new description. Really dissatisfied and will have to purchase a charger for this phone to even work. Will probably not even use this phone and will give to charity.It was better than I thought it would be. It arrived when it was supposed to. The price was a good price but the express shipping was alittle more than I liked, but the price was so cheap that it didn't actually matter that the shipping was high.It arrived dirty (debris in the battery compartment) and missing the cover for the charger port. I decided to keep it anyway, received $5 off for that but since discovered it does not vibrate. (or at least I can't get it to)Works like a new one and very affordable!It's exactly what we wanted. set it up and gave it to my dad to replace his old broken one. excellent! shipped fast...it came on a friday and I didn't expect it until tuesday.When I tried to activate the phone with Verizon They informed me that the phone had been reported stolen. I have asked for a refund . Buyer bewareDidn't work, was still active under someone else.I don't need this phone need to return to get ceditThis phone has everything a person needs to get by.. The person my kids bought it for has about as much money as BILL GATES but is a tight wadd. He had busted his phone and was trying to get buy instead of buying a new one he had purchase about 3 different used ones that all took a poop onl him. My kids put there money together to buy him this one and the day before we recieved this one, The guy comes from town with a brand new phone.....I bought this phone to replace an older Convoy with which I was generally satisfied although it started having internal problems after about 2 years. This one not only developed similar problems in about half a year (battery life shortened greatly -- new battery didn't help) but added another problem (cracked external screen) and exaggerated another (external buttons too easily activated.) The screen crack was caused by sharing a pocket with keys and it may just be luck that the first one didn't crack from the same reason. The external buttons are too easily activated (including the "lock-unlock external keys" one)and this results in excessive use of battery and unintended annoying sounds/messages. The protective case I bought didn't help this much. I need just a basic phone with GOOD durability and resistance to various forms of minor abuse. I can't do the physical work I do well if I have to pay frequent and careful attention to babying a phone. It goes in a front pocket and is sometimes accompanied by other hard items -- usually keys. All the fancy extras and features matter little if it can't do its primary function -- hassle-free phone calls -- well. I didn't rate it one star because it does have good sound.A good basic phone. I previously rated this phone poorly, but found that my usage of it needed education and improving. Now that I've learned to use it, I like it. Has a handy Micro SD card slot which holds a good deal of music and photos. The music can be downloaded from a PC, and the photos uploaded to it. The camera is not near-professional quality but is pretty good, expecially if the photos are touched up in a Photoshop type program. Shoots videos also. Drawback: the camera and video controls and responses are a little slow. Altogether, for those who want to avoid smartphones, this is a good basic phone with a few smartphone-type features.After researching and finding this to have great reviews we purchased 26 Convoy 2 phones for our company. We needed the PTT (push to talk) service which limited our options. The original purchase was in April 2012. I waited to place this review until I could truly see how these phones worked. Every single employee that has one of these phones has complained about it. The "durablility" of this phone is inaccurate. Many of the our phones have the "thumb print" discoloration on the outside screen as I see others have had as well. This is just an annoyance and did not hinder the use of the phone unless using the PTT service, which of course is what our guys use 90% of the time. When using the PTT it is difficult to understand the person speaking at times. The alert sound for PTT is also very low and cannot be set for volume AND vibrate. This is a negative when someone is running machinery and cannot hear their phone. Even if it is in their pocket or cliped on their belt, it doesn't vibrate for them to be aware of the call. I have had several phones with speaker problems. People not being able to hear one person at all, yet that person can hear others fine. The joint is sturdy, so far only a couple have had issues with them. Only one in which the phone came apart. There have been battery issues as well. The manufactuer did not have replacements even while the phones were still under warranty. I had to wait for over six months for a replacement battery for one phone. Samsung did not supply any to Verizon nor did they have any in stock. When one finally was available, I had to get it directly from Samsung who said that if there was damage on the one being returned we would have to pay for it. This was poor customer service. I will give the representatives at Verizon a good review though. Every rep that I spoke with did a great job trying to solve the issues. It is with the phone. We will be replacing these phones as needed with a better PTT phone. This is definately not "military" quality.When this phone was released I was hoping for an upgraded version of my beloved Convoy; but the so-called "improvements" are not worth the "flash" about it. I didn't realize a flash player and flashlight would tax the other features the Convoy1 had(such as the internal memory,music player and the sturdy flip hinge). The more I used the Convoy2, the more I hated it. 1. The first thing I noticed was the weak flip hinge. If you pick up a Convoy2 carelessly the phone falls open. The Convoy stays closed no matter how you pick it up. 2. The internal memory is pathetic. I kept getting memory alerts on accepting text or pic messages; "insufficient memory cannot load music"; "delete files"; etc. There was a 16GB micro card in it,too. The Convoy has great memory without a micro card. 3. You would think that files and data on a micro sd card would transfer from phone A1 to phone A2, correct? NO THEY DON"T! The Convoy2 couldn't detect any photos, pics or ringtones on the card at all. The Convoy read pics and music on a micro card from my LG Swift. Not even the same maker. How about that? Overall, the Convoy U660 is a lousy phone without comparing it to the first version due to the flip hinge and memory. Needless to say, I switched back to and still use my Convoy U640!This phone won't stop beeping and changing the external settings while carrying it in my pocket. The ring volume changes It's settings on it's own. And Verizon and Samsung tell me that's the way it is. Why can't we set it and forget it? I've read comments from two years ago and people were complaining about it then. I tried a Samsung smart phone and I had to return it because it was like having a hyperactive child. Features are nice if they don't get in the way of making a simple phone call.After considering several alternative models, I bought the Samsung Convoy 2 in July. I selected the phone because it was advertised as "built to strict military specs to resist almost anything you can throw at it - shock, extreme temperatures, dust, humidity and more." A little over a month after I bought it, I pulled it out of my pocket to discover that the outside screen was displaying a yellow-orange blob, making most of the display unreadable. Samsung customer support told me to send the phone in for warranty repair, which I did. Two weeks later I received an email from Samsung customer support claiming the phone is "Out of Warranty" and I would need to pay Samsung three times what I paid for it to have the phone repaired. The Samsung customer service rep told me that the advertisement on samsung.com was really a third party, and these claims they are making don't apply to the whole phone, as the advertisement says. The warranty doesn't cover anything that happens to the phone (anything you can throw at it - shock, extreme temperatures, dust, humidity and more). In other words, even under normal usage, Samsung is unwilling to honor its one year warranty. Besides the poor reliability, it has some annoying design flaws. The phone doesn't allow you to immediately lock the external keys automatically, so I've sent a few annoying pocket texts and have the phone continuously beeping in my pocket because they don't lock out right away. The texting is kind of jumpy - the response time for hitting some keys is slower than for others keys. Mildly annoying. The calendar erase functions are poorly designed such that you don't know if you are erasing all the events on a particular day or for all days. I accidentally blew away all my appointments because of this design flaw. There are better choices out there. Avoid this phone.Phone arrived in perfect shape....works as expected. Was purchased for an employee and he has not complained so all is good!Was very pleased with the phone I received and the price was great. Glad I was able to find on lineallthough i did not buy this phone from this site im glad i did not this is the bigest piece of junk as soon as i installed my sd card it deleted all my photos and music the external buttens dont work right and every time it powers down it delets all contacts not to mention the 3g alert that keeps saying its out of service and wont let me use it as long as the alert is on the screen do not buy this phone(Edited review of my SAMSUNG Convoy 2): 10 Stars would be more appropriate in my opinion. For a time, I switched to an iPhone 4S, and though the iPhone 4S has some cool features, there have been times when I've missed the relatively old-fashioned technology of my old SAMSUNG Convoy 2. Yesterday, I re-activated the phone, and it's still the same great phone I remember. The picture quality isn't as good as that of the iPhone 4S; and at this point in time the Samsung Convoy 2 has a trade-in value of $0, but, in my own case, it serves the purpose for which I originally bought it: Talking to people on the phone, and sending text messages (and an occasional picture or video message); and, there's something to be said for a device that, my own experience, has proven to be both durable and reliable. I can send a message to a maximum of twenty phone numbers, and / or email addresses at one time, which I could not do with my iPhone 4S. I can save drafts if I need to wait until another time to finish a message, which wasn't an option with the iPhone 4S. With the iPhone 4S, I had to compose and send one message before I could send another one, or I had to cancel sending one message if I wanted to send a separate message, because I knew of no options for saving drafts on it. I don't know how long my SCH-U660 will be viable for use as my mobile phone (i.e, I don't know if or when Verizon will exclude my phone from their network due to the age of the device), but there's a good chance I will stick with this phone as long as it is not excluded from the network. My contract with them ended on May 21st of this year, and I initially thought I wanted to switch over to Metro PCS; but the phone I ordered came with a SIM Card that I never managed to install, and though I could have taken it to a Metro PCS dealer and gotten help with it, having difficulty getting started, may very well have been a blessing, because it served to make me stop and think about whether I really wanted to have a smartphone ( and more specifically, whether I wanted Google to track everything); and the verdict is that I'm sending the smartphone back and getting a refund. I've also come to appreciate having a phone for which there's no chance that bio-metric information will ever be used as a "security feature"; which seems to me like an attempt to further invade privacy, and I wouldn't put it past the powers that be, to conspire with tech-manufacturers to track the precise location of every human being and domesticated animal, under the pretense of "security". For me, my SAMSUNG Convoy 2 was, and still is the best phone I've ever had, and though I know writing this last part may keep this edition of my review from ever going public, I literally thank the good Lord for opening the door for me to have it, and to use it as my current mobile phone.We have a company with 40+employees that use the phones strictly for PTT, are used 24/7 and are heavy users of the chargers. And with employees there is always loss or damage, so the price on these can not be beat. We get many years out of them and have reordered batteries. We do order at least 4 new or refurbed phones a year. . Thank you!**Updating from 3 to 1 star due to only half of my daughters texts actually show up on this phone. It started a month after we received it. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I'm leaving 3 stars because when I opened up the package a bunch of hair flew up and you can see the dirt caked on. I was honestly hesitant to use it and my child said "no way I'm touching that!" But I cleaned it up, good, then set it up for her use. It was as easy and calling Verizon and doing an automated transfer to this phone. We've made calls and texted with it and it works really well. She doesn't need a smart phone right now and hopefully it will live robbery passed down to my son. Hell I'm tempted to get me one as I'm about over all this smart phone business. Im still really put off by how gross it was upon arrival but it shipped quickly and works great (so far, knock on wood!).I needed a replacement phone very close to the one my husband had. He had it for years, but it finally died. Since he has dementia & the cognitive decline that accompanies it, he wasn't able to learn to use a new phone. Getting this was the answer.received item in lightning speed. phone exactly as described. photos of phone would have been nice to view prior to purchase but the description was very detailed. great seller!Love the fact that I can get mad, throw it, go pick it up and still be able to use it. Great phone for a carpenter with a low tolerance for bs and a temper!I had a phone just like this and so after I dropped the phone and it broke, I wanted another one just like it. Works Great!!!!My last one of these went through the laundry and died. I opened it up and left it sitting on my furnace. By the time this new one came, my old one worked again and hasn't stopped yet. Will keep this in reserve, since all I need is a great phone, nothing else. This fits the bill and never loses the signal.ok got it for our 89 year old mother and she is learning to use it!No instructions came with phone screwy how the menu is screwy hard to use but better than what I had . Comes with navagition but requires subscription and is to fat. Works ok thoughDurable and reliable.perfect basic phone battery life is better than my I phone I harge this phone every 7-days. The only thing no caller ID.Awesome phone. I love this flip phone which replaced my very crippled other flip phone...May it RIP.Product came as described. Will buy again from company in the future.Works as described. No problems.GREAT LITTLE PHONEseems to be doing great for my husbandgreat conditionBest flip-phone I ever owned. Nothing fancy but very functional and built like a brick house. Has all the features I will ever need and then some... great for taking calls outdoors. Keeps the noise down in the wind and I can read messages in bright sunlight. It has large screens for excellent visual effects and a good clear speaker for listening over background noise.Worked for less than a month. Doesn't work at all nowIt's certainly one of the toughest, and best flip-top cell phones available today. I really like it, and would recommend it to anyone who was fed-up with an insipid, personally invasive, computer-cell phone. If you do not need a "smart-ass, phone," and want to save nearly $600.00 per year by returning to a non-data cell phone plan, then THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU BUSTER! Good Equipment! Thanks Amazon. JohanIts been three weeks and my son has not broken it! AKA he is very rough on phones.The phone operates great, it was a replacement for one I cracked the screen on. It was missing the cover for the charger port, but I was able to use the damaged phones cover, problem solved... Phone is very rugged, but not indestructible.This phone is awful. Sends texts that you didn't write, it pocket dials constantly. If you have over 10 messages in the inbox, you won't recieve any further texts. it's rugged, but that's about all it's good for. had mine for about 2 months and it barely holds a charge.I had the first generation of this phone and i have not been dissapointed yet very tough and clear speaker phone .Great sound across the spectrum. Clear at high and low volumeMy wife and I have each used these phones for over 2 years now. Mine has been dropped, kicked, and generally abused and still works great. I recently purchased "2" more for my mother and brother.Strong phone, good quality, works well.rugged and sturdy, simple to use; only drawback is the heavier-than-usual weightI've ordered more of these phones and they are great. All in very good conditions, just minor scratches and no cracks on the screens.This U660 replaced an older U640. The 660 does not have the same "rugged" feel of the earlier model, lacking the rubberized coating and heft. I will be very surprised if the newer model has anywhere near the lifespan of the U640.Nice phone, no problems and works great! Received ASAP, Thanks!this is just like my last phone and exactly what I wantedA+strong phoneThis is the only phone, i will use, it is durable and thats what i need...My husband is rough on these - it is lasting very wellI am very pleased with this phone. My vehicle has sync and this phone is one of the few that is totally compatible with my ride. Awesome!My wife's 5th phone! Cheap and functional...all that is required!PTT FAILS constantly. Battery good and the phone does seem rugged. Would by again for ruggedness alone. These flip phones are becoming rare.Very nice. Tough.It arrived on time and as expected. This phone is having charger plug problems already.I would have given a 5 star rating, but the battery already diedthe convoy is a great phone. rugged and indestructable.Working great. Just need a dust proof/moisture proof case now.it works for what its used for.this phone is easy to use, compact and very affordable. Both me and my wife have this phone and are really happy with it.Its just a phone have not had it long enough to make too many judgements. Needed blue tooth for my hearing that was good, still as simple as I like it, I don't like a lot of bells and whistlesIt is perfectly functional, has good audio clarity and volume, good battery life with about three days per charge.My fiance wanted something simple and easy to use. This phone has proven to be the perfect one for him he likes it.A little fat and heavy, but a good solid phone.Works very good, this is my second one...Good phone, well builtfast delivery, works good.nice durable basic phoneGreat phone, very durable and problem free.Not crazy about this phoneWorks greatGreat basic phone that can still be purchased w/o having to add a data conract. Tough phone as it's been dropped several times and shows no physical damage and phone still works. Nice size, fits easily in hand and pocket. On speaker and normal use when volume is turned up to max the sound may loose some clarity but I'm sure that one may be related to other background noise and user voice. I'd buy this phone again. Actually I did, this was a replacement for same phone that went thru the washing machine.It is a little different from the one he had but seems to be working fine. thank you.Bought for my clumsy son who has dropped it several times. Still holding up greatThis is a perfect basic phone for people looking for something else besides smartphones. Love the options you can get with using the three front keys. I would recommend this phoneNo response from seller when phone wouldnt work.Awesome!First week having it stayed having issues. Can't even hear my husband's talking through the phone.I like it. I had a convoy before and liked it enough to get the 2 version...Very pleased. Thanks, Ann RunionsIf you want a basic cell phone that also takes pics, texts, wakes you up in the mornings, alerts you when to take your meds. plus provides a handy calender, calculator, stop watch, and voice activated....This is the phone for you.Its a good phone.it was in somebodys ccThis was a purchase for my 87 yr old father. And as far as I know now, it has been a great purchase.Did not work out for me. Had to cancel. Could not clear the phone for use. SorrryGreat little flip phone, was just what I neededthe only problem was trhat the mic is not so clear but with a bluetooth or earpiece it works fineI'm still getting used to it. I was previously T-Mobile and the phone is quite different. I like that I can block certain phone numbers from calling.yes I like my Convoy. A few more surface blemishes than I had hoped for but very functional. I think it will serve me well.OkThe price was just below what I expected I paid low cost and the phone was in great condition I love itArrived as described and on time. Great phone and great seller.A piece on the side which covers a port was missing.........didn' like thatMy old Alltell phone finally broke, but i'm not quite ready for a smartphone. But, I didn't want to use my free upgrade from Verizon on a flip phone, so I bought this used one. It was in great condition as described, no problem getting it activated, and arrived promptly. I'm all set now. In fact, i'm going back to buy a Casio flip for my husband - thanks!Product arrived in perfect condition. I have not activated it yet, because I am still dealing with the Verizon Corporate Store morons that can't seem to accept the fact they sold me an inferior product in the Convoy 3. I am having problems with dropped calls, battery life, microphone transmissions and this was out of the box problems. I have charged my Convoy 2 once since arrival two weeks ago and I still have 4 bars of battery life. My tower connectivity in my own home has 3 bars and is better than the Convoy 3 at any location. Good-bye Verizon Corporate Stores.GreatIt was everything I expected. It works very well it conneted to my service right away,and it does a gould job.This phone is awesome, I am really rough on equipment and work in a filthy environment and these phones last me well over a year before failing, in some new way.purchased this phone for my son - its a little bit bigger than a regular flip phone but it is very durable and has great battery life, has some nice features and also a flashlight. great phone for a guy who just wants a rugged phone, and is not into iphones ... very much a manly phone.A delay in the ringing of the phone, but works great with my dad's hearing aide's blue tooth.bought for my elderly mother she likes itwas on chrysler Uconnect list but did not have android platform required, to pair and rec calls and texts via radion incall on voice commandI got the Package today in the mail only to find just a charger and a battery. NO PHONE! So Mad!This is an awesome phone. I've had mine for two years and it's been through a lot. My son and I both have dropped this phone from high places and he even dropped it in lemonade and most recently the toilet. After a day in a bag of rice, it was good as new. It has very good reception; I've never had a dropped call. And some will tell you that it's the service and not the phone, but I've had other phones with the same service that dropped calls constantly. I thought it wouldn't recover from the last drop in water, so I got a new phone. Ended up getting a smartphone, but when my contract is up, or if my smart phone dies unexpectedly, I will get another convoy. That smart phone has big shoes to fill.The Samsung Convoy 2 from Verizon meets military specs-which means it works great for those of us with arthritis in the hands. Other phones with a touch screen are too slippery for me to handle and the buttons on other phones are too small. This phone has large buttons and grips well when you are searching for it in your bag. You can't "butt dial" or take pictures of your steering wheel which happens with other phones, either. I like the voice call feature, too, as I don't text and drive. I have dropped it a few times with no harm done! The only thing that bugs me is the volume on the side which is too easy to accidentally turn up or down. If you don't have arthritis get the fancy phone-if you do, this phone is for you.This phone is not that good as described by Samsung. In fact I hate it! It's side buttons are so sensitive that when answering calls I always accidentally press some buttons that cut-off callers. I really regret it. I should have listened to the customers' negative reviews not the sellers' specs and descriptions. Again, I hate this phone - I just did not have time to return it. I will be in agony for a couple of years. Addendum: Feb 3, 2014. This Samsung just died on me while I was away from home. It has still 3/4 charged about an hour ago. But when I tried to make a call, the phone was dead. Even how much I tried. I tried charging it in my car, nada. When I came home I chatted with Verizon rep to activate my old Casio phone. I tried at home with original charger but no result. On the 3rd day I was about to go to Verizon Corporate store for it to be examined but when I flipped the phone, it was on. This was the second time it happened. The first one took only a day to get it working. I thought it was just an error on my part. But no, this phone is junk. So to those who intend to buy this phone, please beware!This is the basic phone offered by Version. Its awful. Signal is often not good in areas my old Motorola Verizon was just fine. I never pairs quickly in the car. I often have to pair it manually. Never had this problem with my previous phone. The navigation buttons cant decide to navigate or perform enter. There is only a Master volume. No individual volumes for specifically the alarm. While using it in the car, my end drops words out frequently so the other end cant understand me. Also he outside button disable doesnt work. Every time I grab it it changes he volume. And everytime I open it I can advertisements. Im going to reactive my old beat up Motorola with the broken window. Again performance was great with the Version Motorola phone and I dont get all the advertisement crap.Great phone hardware wise, rugged and tough, the flashlight option is the best part of the phone. The buttons on the front and side stick out too far and it continually beeps at you as the buttons inadvertently get pressed and if you use a holster style holder like I do it will drive you crazy. I ended up making plastic pieces the same height as the buttons to go around them and gluing them on so they only get pressed when I deliberately press them. Ringer is loud which is a good option when you work in a noisy enviorment. Software wise it sucks! Especially the texting function, even just simple texting will test your patience. Occasionally the phone will alert me that I missed a call but it never rang, I don't know whether to blame the phone or Verizon for the calls that don't ring. Battery life is good if it doesn't have to keep searching for service, I can go up to 5 days on a charge but I don't use any Internet or music functions either. If Samsung would only update the software for this unit and fire the guy that did the current programing it would be an awesome phone.What's Not to like about this phone? I got a New up grade,Because my old trusty alltel was getting shut down Very soon by Version. So it was time Version wireless inside of Walmart did me fine,Only paid 1.10 with tax,and Got the $30.00 up grade fee waived! Version has Been Really good to me. I pay my bill on time Every month,and They have never failed to not wanna work with me,Got the texting also.The phone talks when a call's coming in,got the old style bell phone ring,and it vib's. Even though it's only been a month couldn't be happier.Very low key,and simple Basic that's PERFECT for me. heavy/sturdy. AGAIN What's not to like about it.Less camera features than original: lacks easy zoom and contrast/brightness adjustment. Battery life fair: it dereriorates after a few months. Convoy 2 okay, not great. Sound quality and volume are good: about the same as original. Beeps and reacts when in my pocket: to stop it, turn it off. Convoy 2 has a flashlight. Three year update: Convoy 2 developed recharging issues and was too expensive to fix. Since I will not go to a smartphone, I found a new-condition used Convoy 2 on Amazon. I guess I developed a fondness for the phone over the years. Unfortunately, reviews suggest Conoy 3 is worse than 2 and Convoy 3 is worse than 3. What is Samsung doing?Convoy-1 was a rugged phone with buttons a calloused finger could actually feel. It can survived drops and bumps and will sustain a charge. Aside from a very weak camera, it was a good flip phone. The battery is very reliable. Convoy-2 never got close. The camera is better but the buttons are recessed so the finger of a working hand struggles to identify what it seeks. Games you could download onto Convoy-1, are not available. The alarm clock fails at least one in every every 5 times it comes around. The battery is fairly reliable. Anyone who liked the Convoy-1 should not expect the same from the Convoy-2. Samsung had a winner for the working person but turned it into a wimp. I hate saying this because I loved my Convoy-1... and am very disappointed in the Convoy-2. I will not take a chance on the Convoy-3. Verizon will not fully back this item. If your Convoy-2 fails, you will get a re-manufactured model in its place, which solves none of the problems. When this contract ends, I will ask my family to find another server.This phone is exactly what someone needs if they are hard on phones. This phone is shock resistant, dust and water resistant! The speaker phone is really loud and the numbers are large and view-able. One of the best things about this phone is that the battery will last a couple days without charging it! I love this phone!First I had a Convoy, then a Convoy 2 and then another Convoy 2. The Convoy bit the dust about 13 months after I got it. Then the Convoy 2 went out after about 14 months. Now the next Convoy 2 went out at 4 months old. ON two of the occasions I was told they were not under warranty because it was not a mfr defect but they said it was water damage and corrosive. HUH??? The phone is either in the house on the desk (charging) or in a special place in the car. We don't walk around with the phone like many folks, doesn't even really get exposed to air much less water. So when the second quit and we sent it in I got an e mail again that I am being charge $99 (I had insurance on this one with a $99 deductible they said) because there is water damage and corrosive. After checking the internet I see many many folks in this same boat including some with Samsung Droids (i.e. Galaxy). In any case we are at our wits end. Don't know what to do. Have written to Samsung (no response yet) but I do believe any future phone will not be a Samsung. Not sure if other makes are doing this but I know for a fact this phone is. Follow Up. I put a similar review on Verizon Wirelss for this phone. I just received notice that my review does not meet their "criteria" for publishing on their site. Guess the truth hurts!!I drove over my Convoy 2 yesterday with a Nissan Maxima while working on a car...it looked pathetically squished laying there on the pavement. I tried to turn it on with no luck. I gave it to my 16 month old grandson to play with and after a while I heard the "vibrate" buzz and it turned on! The round magnet on the phone case was driven into the front clock display, cracking it and put a permanent psychadelic pattern in it. The rest of the phone works perfectly, however!!! I'm now hoping to keep it until my Verizon plan allows me to upgrade. It's bulky, but a tough little guy!!It looks good so far. My husband, who has had two strokes, is very hard on phones so time will tell.My husband has this phone and recommends it highly. He liked the original Convoy a lot, but thought a better quality camera and one with flash would be nice since he takes a lot of pictures. It's perfect for someone who needs a solid phone with good battery life and a decent quality camera.The only good thing I can say about this piece of garbage is that it keeps it's charge. But what good is that when it's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo slow. The button response is horrible. Beware if you plan on texting with this gem. It's keypad response is so frickin slow! And I'm 55!!!! You may as well use smoke signals! Even placing a call can be arduous with this slowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww piece-o-crap. When I can, I'm getting another phone, certainly not this piece of garbage.First I must say that Miraecomm_Wireless did a great job of packing and shipping this phone, I recieved it much faster than I expected for ordering this phone over the Independence Day weekend. This is my first Android phone ever so I am still learning all the tricks, but it has a rather easy interface to learn which is nice considering all the other phones I have used. Voice dialing works great without training which is suprising since I have a very strong Oklahoma accent. The screen looks great for a $99 smartphone. Some reviewers forget that most mobile providers subsidize their prices, so the price they paid does not reflect the cost of Hi-Def screens. I have not tried any apps out other than what was included with the phone, but this device was suprisingly free of bloatware. The music player sounds rather good with headphones, which is suprising with very few controls. The camera is great for outdoors or very bright indoor areas, but low light levels tend to wash out all the bright colors. All in all, I have to say that the Samsung Replenish is a great value for the first time Android user. Update After having this phone for a few months, I have nothing to detract from above. In fact this phone is much sturdier than I expected. I accidentally dropped this phone into a shallow puddle in my parking lot while it was raining, and I thought I might have ruined it. But after carefuly drying it, it worked like it always had and no moistier worked its way into the screen. Also this phone has experienced several drops from about waist high without ever being damged. I do use a screen protecter and a silicon phone case, so that probaly helps.Not what I had in the past .very small phone .battery is amazing and touchscreen too , comes with 2 gb mem, you won't be able to download nothing on this phone , you may be able to use it as a mp3 or if you get boost to turn it on for you then that's the only way other than that , this thing is going in the closet .good luckIt's a great phone. My last one lasted me just over 3 years and technically it still did work, but buttons started going out and I think it needed a new battery. Being as it's now so cheap it was worth it to just buy a new phone all together. This phone can take a beating too - it survived a puppy getting ahold of it, several falls from my bike and falling into a toilet once. The screen never cracked/when out, the lettering on the buttons is remarkable (didn't rub off, chip or fade) and I love the keyboard/touch screen together.This is my first Android smart phone. Needless to say I laugh at myself as I continue to learn how to use it. It's a great starter phone for some one who isn't so technical savy and so much fun to learn all the gadgets. I get on the internet everyday and love the fact I can use the built in keyboard or the physical one to text. I would recomend this phone and buy another one if I ever broke this one.Good price. First experience with Android. At present the phone is smarter than I am. Still trying to figure out how it works. Sometimes it does not respond like I think it should. Wish it had three main features all together [call] [receive a call] and [voice mail]. These are not clearly together and the other features get in the way. For the price, not complaining just explaining.Arrived timely and lasted me years! Great phone back thenVery happy with the phone,ran over my replenish with a forklift and went to purchase another one, they are no longer in Inventory at boost. Phone I did get had on screen texting, like the button keyboard better. Found this one online and bought it immediately. Highly recommended by me. Had my android for 2years total.....love it.This is my first smart phone and it's perfect. The keyboard rocks, it's quick and has a great camera. Now I am not a phone junkie I don't check fb, play games or tweet with my phone. I only use my phone for talking, texting and checking email. I love it!lost the activation code and now i kan only use it for spair parts bcos i kant use it for WIFI its very crappy details use a andriod sadley i was a warrior with the typing phonesI got this as a gift for my dad. He loves it! Does everything he needs and wanted. Touch screen and the keyboard. Has all his email accounts set up and easy access to apps and games. No complaints hereI wanted to try Android product but didn't wish to spend too much. The Samsung Replenish met both these goals. It's given me an opportunity to try out Android Apps and operating system.Very Fast Shipping, Plus a 2gb Micro Sd With The Adapter? This Is Awesome. I Bought This For My Mom To Get Her Started With Smartphone. This is a great Starter Phone . Plus It was A Reasonable Price.my son loves the ohone. thanksWish I had spent my money elsewhere. Can not load apps due to pre=loaded ones that can not be deleted.im so happy is to fast thank you so much:)The internal memory sucks. Besides that this is a great phone. Ive accidentally dropped it a few times and it still works like a charm. Its very responsive and easy to use if youve had similar phones. Ive had mine for almost a year now and my mom just recently bought the same phone 'cause she likes mine so much. lol.I'M so loving this phone i have had so many i have to say it is my favorite so far.Shipped out very fast the only problem i'm having is with the battery,it's not staying charged,and now it's over heating.Other then the battery issue it's a great phone,i even have slacker radio again love slacker radio hope to get the battery problem solved.Is there anyone else having this problem?I would recommend this phone to a friend.Great phone! Super durable! Great bang for your buck!I got the phone the back doesn't close and it has the wrong battery in iti like this phone it works well and its easy to text in it is a nice phonefor the price only bad thing not so much memmoryVery inexpensive easy to use phone. I use it for calls and texting so I don't use the internet much. If your looking for a nice easy phone to use this is it. But if you check your Emails or Facebook it's not a good idea to get this phone. It takes for ever to load (I checked it out).Good phone. I am in a 3G area and I can never get my Youtube to work. I had to delete many of my apps because they would freeze up. I always updated my apps. Facebook didn't work. Liked that I could open more than one tab. I could make calls and text.The shipping from this seller is awesome, i ordered wens, received friday. I really like the phone, not quite as quick as the blackberry online, first touch screen i have had, i really like this phone once i master it, i'll probably love it.You can ask mfor more. This cell phone is a great deal and great phone. It has all the features you need from a smart phone. Looks great! I'm really happy and satisfied to purchased.Enjoying my Replenish! Great texing phone and good for light web browsing and email/Gmail.I just love this phone. This is the best phone that I had for a very long time. BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!i really like the phone it was a outstanding price too .for under $80.00 boost wanted $99.00 now im still waiting for hip carrier for phone.ALERTS IF YOU SEE A RED DOT IN THE UPPER LEFT CORNER THATS THE NUMBER OF OPERATIONS DOWNLOADS GOING ON PLACE FINGER AT TOP AND SLIDE DOWN FROM TOP OF GLASS AND YOU CAN SEE ALL THERE. THEN DELETE THEM AND THE RED BALL WILL DISAPERE AND ITS WHITE NUMBERS ON IT. YOU MAY SEE AS MANY AS 17 ON THE RED BALL. I HAD TO CALL SAMSUNG TO FIND OUT THAT THERE NUMBER IS ON SEARCH ENGINE SAMSUNG CUSTOMER SERVICE.YOU HAVE TO SIGN UP THERE FIRST.Received the brand new item never opened works great!! Love the phone and seller shipped fast and quality is GREAT!Wasn't even boost mobileIts a good phone excepts it uses a lot of battery life have to charge it everyday! I have trouble with internet it times me out a lot and have to wait to get connected again!ExcelenteDon't buy it.......it not work ur money thoR This phone says Sprint, not Boost Mobile.Outdated but it does it's job.The phones are working fine thank youIt'z ok just d battery won't stay charged I like it didn't know it wuz a touch screen dis fone is a hitI like this phonei love my sansung replenish prepaid android phone,everything is there,and very easy to use,the problem is the battery,takes one day only,battery is good for one day only,i have always charge it,phone doesn't have much storage dpace i like the stylr of the phone but browser always seems yo stop unexspectedly. sighJust got my Samsung Replenish and I'm very satisfied with my buy. The shipping was incredibly fast! Seller had the package already shipped out within the hour of purchase and it got here on the first estimated date 2 business days later. When it arrived, phone came in its original Boost Mobile packaging and the car charger was sealed in its own package. Couldn't beat the price anywhere else, would recommend this seller to anyone looking for a great deal on a cell phone.Calls continually black out....time is still moving & both parties are there but neither of you can hear each other.I got this phone to replace my ZTE Warp that got dropped in a toilet and I hate it! It's so slow and freezes up so often that it will actually turn itself off! There is a problem with the keyboard some of the letters and symbols get stuck so I will type a letter and get a symbol. It is just awful! When I initially read reviews I liked the solar recharge aspect but didn't find out till later I needed a separate charger for that! Don't buy this!the lousey galaxy 2 went out on me, so i returned to my old trusty standby, i use to have this phone before and it performed WONDERFULLY but i wanted a larger phone so i got rid of it....WORST MISTAKE!! so i purchased this one again....the only thing that i would say is a problem that it has little storage...easy to fix...buy a SD card.This is a good phone, however I have only had the phone a couple weeks and have had at least 4 dropped calls and when I'm talking the people I'm talking to tell me I'm breaking up. Going to return it. I'm assuming that these problems are due to the wireless company not the phone but I don't know much about cell phones so it could be the phone...????Don't waste your money on this piece of junk.. was a good phone in the beginning. After about 2 months I've had nothing but problems with it. I can't download games or anything from the market, because big colorful blotches show up all over the screen. Can't use google maps because the phone can't read the street names or anything.. most of the time can't look at my pictures or listen to music because the phone screws up your sd card and constantly turns itself on and off. Recycled PIECE OF GARBAGE!This is the absolute WORST phone I have ever owned (and it's the first "smart phone" I've ever bought.) It is painfully slow and only actually accomplishes a task (like sending a text, sending a photo, taking a picture, going on the internet) about half the time (the other half it just freezes or says "Cannot complete task")external sound went out on this phone in less than a month. after i started having problems with this phone i found out from a friend that she had this phone and ended up replacing it 4 times!This phone is a piece of junk. DO NOT BUY IT!!! If you want a good quality samsung phone get one that is all touchscreen. I have had this phone for 2 years now and at times it makes random strange noises and will turn off at the wrong times. DO NOT BUY! Oh yeah, I gave it 1 star for working, that's it.I bought this phone from a Boost store.....It can be a bit slow at times......but over all it works just fine....The phone and the service are more than worth the 50 a month I have to spend.This is the absolute WORST phone I have ever owned (and it's the first "smart phone" I've ever bought.) It is painfully slow and only actually accomplishes a task (like sending a text, sending a photo, taking a picture, going on the internet) about half the time (the other half it just freezes or says "Cannot complete task")Well, despite all the bad reviews my Samsung Replenish for Boost is working great. I have Documents to Go installed which I use to edit Excel spreadsheets while on the bus or train. And it works great for that. I have Dolphin HD browser installed and web surfing works good. Not quite as fast as my spouses' Epic 4g but it did not cost nearly as much either. I also use to update Facebook occasionally, watch YouTube videos, play a few games (angry birds, totemo, and age of conquest) currently. Email and Words with Friends and I use Google Play for music and have a bunch of music on my SD card. I noticed when I updated Google Play and YouTube and a few other things the phone started to lock up and touch screen was reacting very slowly. I uninstalled those updates and everything is working just fine again. -The screen is not the greatest. A lot of pixelation. If you are a heavy video watcher you should not get this phone. -The keyboard is great. I do a lot of entering of data and seller listings on my phone so I prefer a keyboard to a touch screen keyboard. You lose some screen size but when you are using the touch screen keyboard on phones without a keyboard you lose even more screen size. -The battery is about average for a Android phone. You need to shut wifi, bluetooth, syncing and GPS when you are not using them. There is a great widget that puts big buttons on your home page so you can turn these on and off quickly. Dolphin Battery Manager works well for me too. -Internal space on phone. There is not much internal space on the phone and most apps don't let you install to the SD card. I can have between 5-10 apps installed at a time on the phone no problem. I keep some on my SD card and uninstall ones I am not using if I want to use a app that I don't have installed due to space constraints. It takes about 30 seconds to do. Not that big of a deal. Bottom line for the price it's a great phone. Its a great introduction to Android phones for a smart phone beginner. And it's made of recycled materials and is one of only a few Green certified phones. If more people purchase the green phones, they will make more...I am an ex-blackberry user, and going from a qwerty keyboard to a touch screen keyboard was impossible, my fingers are way too large to use any touch screen keyboards available, so the Samsung Replenish was the only option out there to have a qwerty keyboard/smart phone/Android touch-screen. I have had it for over 2 years and I love it, but it has issues, one, the battery life is hit or miss, and sometimes it's battery drains from 100% to 0% in 3 hours when i'm in a place with a lot of technical interference like a casino. The memory is low, can't have more than about 50MB of your own programs on it before it keeps warning you that your memory is low, but the phone does work well and it runs all Android programs from the Play store as good as the best of them. My phone is now on it's last leg, so I am ordering a new phone, the exact same model years past it's introduction and with it's antiquated technology and all. I just like this phone and that's all there is to it.Very reasonably priced for an android. I bought it after having the Boost Prevail and I love this one much better. It doesn't crash as often (though it does very rarely) and it's more responsive. The screen and keyboard is just the right size for my petite hands so if you have large hands I wouldn't recommend this phone for you'll be pressing every button but the one you want. Would be a great gift for a girlfriend or daughter or if you just want it yourself. But def. one of the better Boost Mobile phones.If you had an Iphone or the latest Android phone, then dont get this. But if you've been stuck with basic phones and new to upgrade, this is perfect. Texting is a breeze and the touch screen is very accurate. Battery does drain rather fast, but with some minor tweaking and setting changes, it last for a whole day. (Tip: Turn off 3g if you're not using the web.) Calls are clear and perfect, the camera takes amazing photos. Shutter speed is faster than my actual camera. It does feel rather plastic but nothing to bad. I can say I am rather satisfied with this phone and hope to keep it for a long time. Does everything you need in a phone.This phone is no good! It will shut off whenever it wants or whenever the 2gb sd card gets fed up/full. I've deleted pics and videos on my own and the phone has done the same with important footage I needed. Luckily I was able to upload the sd card to my laptop and everything was there but it's aggravating losing something important temporarily. I've learned that these phones are garbage anyway.i never had a smartphone until now. it's ok for beginner like me that don't know what she is doing. but i can see how an experienced "phoner" would become frustrated. it is slow to download, the screen and buttons are a little small. and i'm mad because i can't download certain games, like words with friends, because this phone is not compatible. it's ok for now but i will probably upgrade in a year.I purchased this phone $25 below Ebay and also the store price. I received this item before the estimated shiiping date and also in new condition. I am very happy and love the touch screen and keyboard option. I would highly recommend this phonenot a bad phone. great for everything you need. keep in mind however the VERY low amount of storage space. you really only get enough to install one app before hitting the limit.I love the phonewe often need to replace phones damage at work so this one although didn't have a long life was much eaiser to swallow when it went into the sewergood condition, found the same one on lista the next day but no regretsBest of both worlds. Basic phone Ailey for they keyboard, but a great Android to boot!! Battery lasts good, OMG I'm in lovewwith this phone!!The battery over heats constantly,I'm not pleaed with this purchaseSon love itgood machine for light userI wanted an android with keypad..perfect for me..DOES NOT WORK ON SPRINT!!!!!!only thing missing is a flash on the camera and flash movie/video/tv downloader but it's a great android phone to keep for awhile.My husband has been a blackberry fan for years and we recently purchased the samsung replenish. He loves the new samsung and its android system. The phone came to us in the mail fast and we got a really great price. Over all very happy with the purchase.I like the qwerty kepad, it makes texting easy no mispelled words anymore. I do not like the ringtone options I've found it impossible to save my music as ringtones oh and its kind of slowThank you again! This phone is great! It's easy to use. I like Samsung's phone. It's perfect to me !!!!Great phone for people thats new to the boost series very durable lol. And got it quick didn't take long.I thought it would be better than the phone i was having problems with i even did my research on the phone before i got it and when i get it you don't get the options as i did with my other phone. The seller was great an fast delivery.I migrated over to Boost from AT&T and made my splash with this phone, the Replenish. I'm a pretty green kinda guy and found its mostly-recycled content intriguing. I have previously owned a smartphone, and was tired of the excessive payments for limited data plans. This phone is a solid 4-starrer. Pros vs. cons: Pros: Cheap, both initially and over time Hard keyboard - which seems these days almost more of a throwback Not laden down with a bunch of proprietary and uninstallable bloatware Mostly recycled parts & materials (if you're into that sort of thing) Android 2.3 - old enough to be fast on limited hardware, new enough to not be obsolete Cons: Screen resolution and overall quality - pixelation, you'll notice it Touchscreen sensitivity - not the best, but usable Distinct lack of internal memory - 128MB is just not enough for anything beyond basic usage! Neutrals: Battery life - around exactly 2 days if you turn off 3g data (get a widget for this), 1.2 days (~30h) with 3g & bluetooth on This is not a game-playing phone, unless you only keep one installed at a time and have a game that doesn't really require a sensitive touchscreen. I love the hard keyboard and it's interesting to see that Android has built-in support for hotkeys. The phone remains faster than my previous Motorola Bravo, largely due to lack of bloatware, and I advise regularly deleting text messages if you see slowdowns. I have 40MB of the internal memory free after installing and regularly using Facebook, and the Amazon Marketplace app does work with Boost. Fair warning to those considering joining Boost: Google Voice is not supported (specifically, specifying a voicemail forwarding number is not enabled). I've been pleasantly surprised with Boost; especially for 50% the cost of AT&T, I can accept the few sacrifices. (this review was copied from another entry on Amazon whose buy link is no longer available)I migrated over to Boost from AT&T and made my splash with this phone, the Replenish. I'm a pretty green kinda guy and found its mostly-recycled content intriguing. I have previously owned a smartphone, and was tired of the excessive payments for limited data plans. This phone is a solid 4-starrer. Pros vs. cons: Pros: Cheap, both initially and over time Hard keyboard - which seems these days almost more of a throwback Not laden down with a bunch of proprietary and uninstallable bloatware Mostly recycled parts & materials (if you're into that sort of thing) Android 2.3 - old enough to be fast on limited hardware, new enough to not be obsolete Cons: Screen resolution and overall quality - pixelation, you'll notice it Touchscreen sensitivity - not the best, but usable Distinct lack of internal memory - 128MB is just not enough for anything beyond basic usage! Neutrals: Battery life - around exactly 2 days if you turn off 3g data (get a widget for this), 1.2 days (~30h) with 3g & bluetooth on This is not a game-playing phone, unless you only keep one installed at a time and have a game that doesn't really require a sensitive touchscreen. I love the hard keyboard and it's interesting to see that Android has built-in support for hotkeys. The phone remains faster than my previous Motorola Bravo, largely due to lack of bloatware, and I advise regularly deleting text messages if you see slowdowns. I have 40MB of the internal memory free after installing and regularly using Facebook, and the Amazon Marketplace app does work with Boost. Fair warning to those considering joining Boost: Google Voice is not supported (specifically, specifying a voicemail forwarding number is not enabled). I've been pleasantly surprised with Boost; especially for 50% the cost of AT&T, I can accept the few sacrifices.I bought this phone because I liked that there was no "smartphone data surcharge" to use it. The phone is fairly sub-par, but I kind of expect to get what I pay for and was willing to take a little inconvenience for lower costs. Unfortunately the phone started having power issues after 9 months. We sent it to Samsung to have it repaired and it came back with the same problem. When I called to ask if there was anything else they could do for me, they said that the only way to fix it was to send it in AGAIN and be without it AGAIN. It is absolutely unbelievable that Samsung doesn't try harder to please their customers when they already tried to fix it once and it is their fault that it is not fixed. I spoke with 4 people up the chain of command and they all offered me the same pathetic options. I will avoid Samsung products in the future if I can't trust their warranty policy.I'm a young college female and I love this phone. Now granted it's my first android (used to have a blackberry) but I must say I am now a fan. Back in the day Boost mobile in my area was a cheap pre paid company with bad phones but recently I switched over from Straight Talk and I am very pleased with the service and phone. Have had it now for two months and no complaints. Occasionally the phone will shut off or "power down" but it starts right back up. I'm not sure what causes this but it's not a huge bother. I had to call customer care when I bought it because I accidentally locked myself out and they were very helpful; they literally walked me through step by step and fixed my phone in no time. Apps are great, fast browser, good camera and QWERTY/touch screen key board are a plus. All in all a nice dependable phone and service!I cant comment on the seller as I just bought this phone a week ago from Walmart and it is fabulous! I'm 21 and have never owned a smart phone, just prefer a nice simple phone that makes calls, can text, and occasionally look up a few things while on the go however, this phone has made me an android fan for sure! App world is the bomb, providing tons of music, directions, which are real convenient for me. I also enjoy the feel of the phone, it has some weight to it and feels of good quality, that along with the QWERTY keyboard and nice camera make this phone worthy of 5 stars. Also I accidentally locked myself out within an hr of owning but thankfully boost customer service was very compliant and helpful, once I got past their automotive voice mail (getting a phone rep can be a pain). Overall Very pleased with boost and the phone thus far.My love for the Android phone began last year in 2011, beginning with the Samsung Galaxy Prevail. Recently, my Galaxy's charger socket became inoperable, and I had to send the phone in for repair so it could accept a charge. I decided to buy the Samsung Replenish as a temporary replacement. I thought I was going to like this phone, because of the adequate screen size, the QWERTY keyboard buttons on the front, and longer battery life than the Galaxy Prevail. Wrong, Wrong, Wrong. -- The buttons are too small to even peck out a simple text message. -- There is NO onscreen keyboard that appears to type in any fields. [YOU HAVE to use the microscopic buttons below (unless you download a keyboard / scratch pad from the Google play store)]. -- The overall design is too bulky and cumbersome to carry around. -- The computing power lead me to pull over on the side of the road, because the GPS / computer is not able to keep up with driving / turn-by-turn directions to a destination. (This phone belongs in the mid-late 1990s when cell phones were starting to become popular) The Samsung Replenish is unusually sluggish, lacks computing power, and is slow to respond to the most simple of commands and tasks. When you need to hang up a call, the phone takes longer than usual for the screen to appear (after the power button is pressed), for the phone to "slide" and "hang up" a call. $99 is a great deal - that is - if your fingers are small enough to control the buttons, and you have enough time to wait on the side of the road for your phone's computer to catch up to the GPS. Or maybe I should just move slower, to catch up to the phone itself.have problems now with the battery. it said that i am fully charge but when i talk or text within 3 min the phone cutoff have to stand near a outlet to talk. if i remove the phone dies. so after 6mos have problem i call samsung to warrenty the battery they will but i have to send the battery to them first this is my only phone what am i suppose to use until then !!?I had this phone for a little over a year and the storage is so small. I recently upgraded to a Samsung with more storage and I am satisfied. My teenage daughter uses this phone at home though with wifi and to play her music so I am still happy I purchased it but as a smartphone it just does not have enough memory.I bought the phone in March and it is now october and the phone completly failed on me tonight. for the past couple of days the phone kept turning on and off and the screen would keep turning on and off! wouldnt recommend this phone at all. i paid one hundred dollars for it when the phone first came to stores and i feel like now what a waste of money!just brought this phone for my boyfriend cuz hes old phone was junk and its a cool phone for the great price.Can't wait to get my phone.Not as listed from third party supplier Mango Wireless. International Omnia W model. No 4G only 3G, cannot register with Samsung therefore no warranty. I would not recommend this product for purchase in the US. Choose another supplier, I will be returning this product as it is not as advertised. However I already own one of these phones and I love it, best phone I ever bought so do not be afraid of the product, quality and durability are the top of the line, just make sure you are getting a US version product. Just a follow up, if you look at the pictures with the product that is what you should be getting. That is a US version phone, international version does not have a USB cable to connect to computer and charger, only a charger, there are tremendous differences between these two versions, do not let anyone tell you otherwise. Further update on this product. I have contacted all 3 of the Amazon third party sellers that they provide fulfillment for on this product. None of them can guarantee that you will receive actual Focus Flash. Until Amazon makes these sellers comply with an accurate product detail and it matches what it states in the item description I highly recommend you do not purchase if inside of the US, you will more than likely not receive a Focus Flash but rather its international version called Omnia W. Please save yourself the headaches I just went through. I purchased mine elsewhere for less money and it is an AT&T branded phone which is fine by me. Good luck and don't get caught up in this bait and switch, it is not worth it.Though the title on Amazon says that it has a microSD slot, it does not. But I already knew that when i bought it. But the title was deceptive. The phone came unlocked and I bought to for my Straighttalk plan. The At&T sim card (normal sized) fit easily and I was up and ready to go in a few minutes and I have a 4G connection on this. The phone is very slim, feels nice in your hand but is a bit slippery (hence the loss of one star). I suggest buying a case for the phone. Otherwise everything was better than I expected. The AMOLED display (similar to the retina display) is just bloody awesome. I believe the phone has a 1.4 Ghz processor and the videos and games play real smooth. The phone does not heat up much either. Windows 7.5 Mango which is preinstalled has great apps on the web and is very easy and intuitive to navigate. I am waiting for the 7.8 update that samsung has promised to release for this model. The touch screen is really sensitive to touch and your navigation between panes is very easy too. I just love this phone. Have not regretted it. Suggest getting a windows live account to use the Skydrive that automatically updates your files. The most important feature is the preinstalled version of microsoft office and the availability of office 360 on it and your files sync automatically between your PC and your phone through skydrive (how cool is that). Just great. Also, you can connect to XBOX live online and play games. All this for a fraction of the cost of an iphone is just awesome. The phone has two cameras front facing (for skype) and rear facing. The pictures are pretty good and there is a software to auto-fix your pics if you want to. Overall I am really impressed with the phone. Though there was something strange about the battery. It used to last for less than a day when I bought the phone. But once it got completely discharged and after recharging it, it now lasts for over 1.5 days on a single charge with normal browsing and a couple of calls a day. ANywy, I would recommend this phone to anyone.I should say almost "The best money I ever spent on a phone." because of the couple of problems that I had when it came to setting the phone up with AT&T prepaid service. AT&T was a lot of help with entering the new code into the phone so that the 3G would work properly. But the most annoying part was that the phone would not be seen by my computer and the Zune software so that it would sync the phone and be able to download my music and photos, etc. I contacted the seller MangoWireless after they had emailed me seeking a positive feed back on Amazon. Well I got a couple of replies about how they care about my satisfaction and how they would help resolve any problems.... HaHa what a joke they finally responded saying that I had to deal with Amazon fulfillment for my problem. After much time spent online I found the solution myself. It was an easy fix, so now my phone and computer are talking (syncing) and working properly. I got all the new updates to my phones programming, and loaded my music. Now this phone works WONDERFULLY. Let me tell you, this phone, once the issues are fixed this is the best money I spent on a phone. Just don't expect any help from the original product supplier. I totally reccomend this phone to anyone not afraid to find the fixes for themselves. it's Great!I needed a very user friendly smartphone for my wife, and Android was not it. When the unit first arrived. I had problems with it connecting to the 4G data. The cellphone was running an older version of Windows. Once I upgraded the software, all of the headaches cleared. Pros -Small, light weight -High screen resolution -Intuitive GUI -Universal micro usb for charging Cons - The power button/screen lock on opposite side of vol. You will tend to press both, offsetting your vol (very upsetting) - In order to upgrade the software, you will need a Window 7 computer and load Zune. - For the market to work, you will need to sign in with your Zune account (we do not have)I recently sold my samsung focus and bought this one. At first I didn't quite enjoyed the smaller screen size but after a couple of days I realized that is the right size for me. Goes well in the pocket and its ease to have in the hand. The 1.4 Ghz processor is well noted in games like PES 2012 or even when seeing my XBL avatar on the game hub. Front facing camera goes well with skype or tango. I'm really hoping that this device will get apollo in a few months. Now the not so excellent part. The speaker is a little lower than the original focus, and sometimes the sounds are missing, like when locking the cell phone, or the first key stroke on a sms. But are minor things for a really exellent phone.This is the first smart phone I have purchased - My job involves testing all types of phones and tablets - We have every Apple device, all Kinldles and Google devices, and a good slice of all other Android phones and tablets. Windows phone is a far better user experience for me - I love the Tile format. There are not as many apps as IPhone and Android but I really dont need 100,000 apps to get me through the day: It's a PHONE. And, Samsung made a solid device in the Focus Flash too.I bought this cellphone because I had an emergency, I broke my ex cellphone and I needed one cheap and with a lot of things, and definitely this cellphone is one of those. Good things: 1. the size and the weight. 2. I wasn't sure about windows phone but I liked it, it has really cool things. 3. the front camera, it is prefect for videocalls. 4. the clock, because I was traveling and It was changing according with the time zone. 5. the internal memory. 6. it works perfectly with some apps like facebook, skype, whatsApp and Viber. 7. the price. 8. The Office is great. 9. The Maps is great for traveling. Bad things: 1. Because windows phne is kind of new it doesn't have enough apps for free as Android or iPhone. 2. you can not add more extra space to the cellphone. 3. I lost all my contacts from my ex cellphone, this one didn't reconize all my contacts. I think thats all, you get a great cellphone for the price that you pay, I have been using this phone for one month and I am fine with it :) I definitely recomend it to you.This is the unlocked phone, since I tried different sims from different phone providers and it's working fine. I am the iphone user. I bought this phone for my wife as the replacement. Pro: the touch is very responsive, the screen is pretty and clear, small enclosure, nice design, good battery life, windows phone 7.5 is nice and easy to use. Con: most of the time, I accidentally hit the search, up/down volume button which i don't mean to. Other than that, this is a good phone. After using this phone for few days, I am thinking to switch to this phone or similar from iphone.This phone is EVERYTHING I had hoped it would be and more.......I love all of the features it has and the speed is wonderful......Windows knocked one out of the park with this phone.....my 19 year old son has fallen in love with this machine as well....and the customer service I received when ordering this phone was fantastic!!! Very fast, the interaction I had with the seller was wonderful...a pleasant experience all the way around!!!!I am spending a year working in Africa. When my i-phone died, I wanted a replacement, but not a $500+ Smart Phone. This one fit the bill perfectly. Pro's: it works flawlessly as a phone. Excellent 5mp camera with flash. These are the 2 things I most need here. Battery life is good - far better than I-phone. Windows gives decent access to the net. Google search and mail are readily available. Very good screen when the light is right. Con's: Screen hard to read in bright light; a problem with the camera. Contacts are through Windows Live - a klutzy thing Annoying Bing screen keeps coming up. For a little over a hundred bucks, a great choice!The phone arrived in good working order, and was clean and not damaged; as described. I use my phone to check emails occasionally, to call, and sometimes browse the web. This phone does all of those things well! I was a bit surprised to find out that there are not that many apps available for Windows Phones as there are for Android, which I'd used previously. It's not a deal killer, but a bit disappointing. In general, it seems that the Windows system is a bit more of a monopoly than the Android (or iPhone) smart phones. The one thing I really dislike about it is that it is not possible to use one of the songs from my music collection as the ringer! The ring tones available on the phone are lame :-(The big brother and improved version of Samsung focus. It is excellent and user friendly with Windows Phone 7.5 . It will probably suppourt windows Phone 8 if it becomes Available to update for current Windows mobiles since it is the latest generation of Windows Phones.Though it has a small bug of frreze up the improved firmware is now available and has no problem since I updated it with new firmware. Pros: 1. Better pixel density than focus. 2. Faster 1.4 Ghz processor. 3. Is capable of 4G. 5. Is latest generation of Windows phone. 6. Front facing camera for skype or video chat or video call 7. Excellent 5 MP camera. Cons: 1. Sometimes freeze up.(though updating firmware solves it muchly) but not completely. 2. Smaller screen than samsung focus(3.7 vs 4 inches) So This is an excellent phone for the price.Just go for it. For its specs the phone should be sold for a price range of $250+. Update :12 August 2012 After using phone for like 4 months I have following things to say: 1. I havent faced a single phone freeze after the recent tango update(there is way to trick phone to update even though AT&T doesnt push it) 2. The app center is growing rapidly(In last few months as I myself have seen). There are a lots of apps tailored for your need. 3. Games works great on this device no freezing and lagging. 4. Some people haave said that they got a locked phone .I too got a locked phone but THIS PHONE WILL BE UNLOCKED BY AT&T FOR FREE.Just call them and ask for an unlock code. They will give it right away to you no need to goto third party unlocker. 5. Battery life is superb.I did not like IOS or android so I wanted to try Windows phone and dont regret my decision it is a great OS if you're not sure I advice you to give it a try. The phone itself is awesome, fantastic display, very fast and responsive, battery lasted a day of heavy use, camera is good but not fantastic. Overall, awesome phone with a great small design. I recommend this phone to everyone looking for a great screen with a confortable design and a very responsive OS. this phone has specs of a high end phone but a very reasonable price. PD: It is UNLOCKED! I'm using it in Venezuela with Movilnet and works great!The item was delivered when it was supposed to be and in a very good packaging. The item is very good, as I expected to be. Thank you very much!I had the Samsung widows phone previously but washed it. Bought this one to replace it. All I did was insert my current sim card, and it worked great. I did have to give it a hour to update my data account from AT & T so it did not have access to internet immediately, but after about an hour and resetting the phone my internet access was working great. This phone has many great options, market place for AT&T is great. The phone is slim, light weight, and cool looking.small, fast and reliable!!!, very nice secondary phone. 8GB is a little tight and battery duration could be a little better, but for the price you can't go wrong!the phone was exactly like i expected it. the only issue i had was that i could not access the marketplace in my region (The Bahamas) but i was able to find a loophole. would reccomend this to anyone plus the price is goodRETURNED.So far I love this phone. It's fast and runs smoothly. When I got the phone it was locked to AT&T, but all you have to do is call their customer service line and they will give you code to unlock it. Took me a while to figure out the phone because it is my first windows phone but I think I'm getting the hang of it. I did have one other issue and that was I could not receive or send picture messaging. However once I found the right site the fix was very easy. This is how you fix it if you're having that problem. Keep in mind you will have to update your market place first (Or at least I did.) To get the "Samsung Zone" to appear. And please read the note at the bottom before thinking that it's not working once you get to the MMSC field. Go to the Marketplace, tap Samsung Zone, and download Wireless Manager Once thats installed, open the Wireless Manager app Go to the apn screen, and tap edit apn Push the + button at the bottom Fill out the data as follows: (any fields that I didnt mention should be left at the defaults) APN Name: MMS Profile Category: MMS MMSC:[...] (Replace underscores with Periods, no space after http) *See Note* APN:wap.voicestream.com Auth type: none Proxy address:216.155.165.50 Proxy port:8080 Click the checkmark button on the toolbar *Note: When prompted that you cannot add any more characters in this field, simply add the next character, and each time you are prompted with the message, hit ok. But notice your character was still put in. You should be able to fit the entire thing now, but only one at a time. Credit to: xs2k (wpcentral) If you have any other questions about the phone just shoot a message in the review and I'll try my best to answer them but so far I'd say go ahead and get the phone, I'm not regretting it at all. And just for all you skeptics out there I'm not paid to talk about this phone. I have t-mobile and my LG mytouch was a piece of crap and wouldn't recommend that phone to anyone. I've just never had too much issue with Samsung before.Though I brought this phone in Feb 2013, just now I started use with T-Mobile package. I cant setup my user profile in this phone as this is a Demo PHONE. Its setup with MyAccount@hotmail.com which cant be changed as its read only. The seller orderinstant(USA) has cheated me, so do not buy anything from orderinstant(USA).It has been in use and dropped several time but comes back to life. Good smartphone for stater and for the priceThis Samsung I677 is a great phone with it's Windows operating system and it is my first smartphone. I am very happy with the look and feel of this phone and particularly enjoy the relative ease of use. It has more features than I would ever use and there are enough Apps available for a new smartphone user with many more to come. My son uses an iPhone4 and he highly recommended this phone for me.i love this phone, it's sleek design makes it easy to carry around, has live tiles and touchscreen is the best. I highly recommend it for anyoneThis the best phone i've ever used. Windows platform is way ahead in all respect except on the amout of applications available yet. I was wondering why people should be waisting their hard earned money on some other phones, simply because of the marketing hype, while this phone performs even better. I am happy i bought this phone.I bought this phone for my Husband and he liked it need to get used to it because he has never had a windows phone but his starting to get the hang of it.I received this product in good order and furthermore the delivery was quick. Although it stated that it was an unlocked phone it didn't work with another GSM chip other than the AT&T one. I have heard that they can still unlock it, but basically that makes the phone useless to me, since I bought it for usage in Brazil (and of course cannot call AT&T in the US, since that would be very expensive). I am very disappointed, since I won't be able to use the phone I bought.Product came new in an unopened box, arrived on time, and the product is amazing! Though I don't recommend if using for another company other than AT&T. I use Family Mobile, and I am unable to get 3g and 4g. Amazing product, but I won't be getting any phones other than T-Mobile brand from now on.Nice phone at a nice price. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star was the screen, not very good when outdoors. All in all, good phone , great os.I bought this as a gift for one of my workmates, and he loves it so dearly. He says it is working perfectly.Phone is UNLOCKED for sure, good for the price and works perfectly , it takes great pictures & the sound is not bad at all .I bought it as a gift for my mother. Windows phones are easy for daily use.I want to return this item*UPDATE* Although the phone is unlocked, the device is branded AT&T. This means you can't enable internet sharing on the phone until you visit / contact AT&T :-( Otherwise, still a great buy. -- Original Review -- The phone - 1) Mine came with Windows 7.10, updated itself to 7.5 with no trouble at all. 2) The model I received was branded AT&T but was completely unlocked. 3) Screen is bright indoors, not highly visible in direct or strong sunlight 4) Audio is crisp and clear, call quality excellent Things it does well - 1) Multiple email accounts! You can have more than one Exchange server account, multiple POP / IMAP accounts no problem. My old phone (Nokai e63) didn't support multiple exchange server accounts so this was a major item for me. 2) Multi-calendar support! If you setup multiple accounts (Exchange, Hotmail, Google) the phone will sync your various calenders and color code each calender's items as they show up on the phone's calender. (VERY useful for me) 3) Wifi works every time 4) Market place - Not as many apps as Android or iPhone, but certainly a good selection nevertheless. 5) Skype! 6) Dual cameras, useful for item 5 above, although the cam doesn't come on automatically, you have to enable it every time. Things it doesn't do well - 1) NO VPN support! Hopefully to be there in a future update :-( 2) Custom ring tones - Really frustrating, you have to limit your ring tones to 40sec, the file has to be less than 1MB AND you must specify 'ringtone' as the genre for it to work. A little too much effort... 3) Custom alert tones - Non-existent. You can't set a custom mp3 / wma file as your text alert or alarm tone. *rage* 4) Can't copy items between calenders. *sigh* 5) Switching between Wifi and Cellular data sometimes doesn't happen, you end up having to power cycle to re-connect to the cellular net after you turn off the wifi End Result - Perfect phone if you need to manage multiple email accounts and calenders, really fast and responsive and generally a joy to use. Skype with cam support is great if your connection is fast enough to use it.I recommend this device, It's very handy and gives a very good balance between price and features. The screen is a little bit opaque, some brightness is needed but everything else is fine.The phone was exactly what I was looking for. It was a gift for my grandmother (her first smartphone) and it was perfect. It was exactly as described, and was shipped secure and fast. I could not be happier with the purchase.I bought this phone for my son and he likes it.I bought this phone for my teenage son after he had dropped his old phone and cracked the screen (it was not a Samsung). He is very happy with this one.Phone is good. Smooth and fast UI. But so many drawbacks and limitations of Windows phone 7.5. If Windows 8 update is available for this device then its better.This model has all the required and important features. Hardware is very stable and windows OS perfectly supports this hardware.My husband loves this phone I'm thinking of getting one for myself I have the galaxy 2 n love it but I'm really falling in love with the focusThe best windows phone in my opinion it , is a decent price range and it is compact, which i like .... furthermore it looks amazingFast amagazing and perfect tksSpeaker not working can't hear anything cant pick up the wifi . very disappointed in this order.wish i could return it but it's too latePhone is definitely unlocked. The screen is a bit small but the resolution is great. It's quick and easy to use.This phone is fast and responsive, has short start-up time, love the display, interface and music app. This has a the Bing voice search/command feature which is very accurate (given proper articulate speech)I compared the web speeds(WIFI) of this with the iPhone4S and both were nearly identical. Overall its a great phone for the price. I gave it 4 stars because its not unlocked(which is not a problem for me but is misleading) and the camera is a bit lacking.Came with instructions in spanish and no ENGLISH, also no SIMS Card w/phone which means I would have 2 go to ATT and buy one! I sent it back since I didn't understand how to use it!!!This phone was advertised as new but turned out to be used. It did not turn on and was returned.Phone conditions is very good but its not unlocked. So its not what they claim. I tried mailing them but never got any reply.Estoy realmente maravillado con este telefono, es excelente. La verdad es que el telefono si me llego bloqueado pero al momento de realizar la apertura de bandas fue muy sencillo. Excelente telefono y funciona muy bien con todos los operadores en Colombia.. . . The Windows' Marketplace sucks !!! Don't get me wrong, the phone itself is really nice (I only had it for less than 3 hours, so I'm not completely sure about all the features). My main concern was getting the apps that were on my old phone (Android) on there, BUT their marketplace really sucks. After I found out they didn't have the Instagram app, that was the deal breaker for me; it's the main social network that I'm on besides Twitter. I honestly don't know if Windows' plan on expanding their marketplace or whatever, but from my understanding, they do not plan on getting Instagram anytime soon or at all. But if you're not too big on apps and social networks (besides Twitter and Facebook), then by all means, get the phone, it's really nice, especially for the price. BUT if you're huge on apps, I suggest going to a phone with an Android or Apple market, they have a bigger and better variety of apps.phone ws sold as unlocked phone but is actually locked to at&t. i have not been able to unlock it hence the phone is useless for me in africa. will never recommend it to anybody.Unable to download picture messages. I need you to change it. What's your advice? Can you please change it? Please and thank you.I677 has 4g network this item only 3g network.market place can no work.this phone no from the usa.it looks like nsedI purchased this case form my husband and he loves this case. It fits well, looks great, and is affordable!I have been using smartphones since 2008, first on Windows Mobile 6 on a HTC Tilt, then iPhone 4, and I got bored of the iOS and wanted to try the Windows Mango interface. I picked up the Samsung Omnia W (the international equiv. of Focus Flash), which is the newer model that replaces the original Omnia 7, and found it simple to use since day 1. Skype is now fully integrated making it complete. Here are the details tech summary: Key features: Super AMOLED Technology, WVGA (800 x 480) Internal Display Resolution 3.7" Internal Display Size 16 Million Internal Colour Depth Gorilla Glass Quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE support Dual-band 3G with HSDPA 14.4 Mbps and HSUPA 5.76Mbps Windows Phone 7.5 Mango 1.4GHzQualcomm MSM8255 Snapdragon CPU, Adreno 205 GPU, 512MB of RAM 5 megapixel autofocus camera with LED flash (FRONT Facing & BACK Facing!) 720p video recording @30fps 8GB of built-in storage Standard 3.5mm audio jack Standard microUSB port (charging, hooking up to PC via Zune) Wi-Fi b/g/n Stereo Bluetooth 2.1 Mobile Office document viewer/editor Social network integration (Facebook/Google/Hotmail etc) and cloud services Built-in GPS receiver, A-GPS Stereo FM Radio with RDS 115.97 x 58.8 x 10.9mm Physical Dimension 115.3g Weight Another good thing compared to the iPhone is the integrated Internet Explorer for web browsing. It has ability to open up to six tabs at a time, and the performance is top notch - the browser relies on hardware graphics acceleration to provide smoother graphics (and video) and animation and uses the latest (and fastest) JavaScript engine too. This is where the fast processor (1.4ghz Snapdragon CPU) really shines, and you can tell the difference compared to the 1st generation of Omnia 7 (which has slower CPU, but slightly bigger screen), released in early 2011. Overall this phone is speedy, extremely lightweight and portable (iPhone feels much heavier compared to this). I really feel this is the Smartphone for all-ages, and enjoy the simplicity and speed while meeting my daily needs (Skype, Evernote, flawless Outlook Exchange & Gmail integration, nice Zune player, and HD camera). Most importantly this is also UNLOCKED so I can just pop in a SIM when I travel (it uses the normal sized SIM, not micro-SIM). Good phone. For the ~$200 USD price, you can't go wrong.Update, 11 December 2012: The battery in this phone rocks! I had to make an important call while out, and saw as I placed the call the message that the phone's battery was "critically low." I prayed that it would not cut out during the call, which took several minutes as the service representative I was talking to had to look things up and at one point had to have a conversation with his supervisor. The battery apparently has a good reserve when it gives the "critically low" message, and stayed strong throughout the conversation. The battery on my old stupid phone would have cut out early in the call. This one gave me the reserve I needed, and I'm totally sold on that! I ordered this unlocked. Was convinced it wasn't, and was madder than a wet hen, until I figured out I had the SIM in backwards. AT&T was very helpful in getting me started on using the phone, as I am totally dumb about smart phones. I have had a "stupid phone" for years, and have to say I really prefer 'em stupid. But in this day and age, I have no choice (a condition that I do not like), so now I have a smart phone. This model is smaller than it seemed in the product description, and smaller than the loaner HTC I had from my older daughter (who is as smart and savvy about smart phones as I am stupid about them!). Small as it is, it has a powerful vibrate, and since I will be carrying it in my bag instead of on my person, I appreciate that for the times I am in class or in a library or archive. I have a nice holster for it to protect it in my bag from car and house keys and other dangerous objects. And despite being smaller than I thought it would be, it fits in the hand very nicely, and I have rather large hands for a small woman (I stand 5'4" and my hands are the same size as my 5'9" tall husband's!) The black-on-black of the controls, and the tiny print on some things (like the model numbers and all inside on the back of the instrument) give me heartburn, as print gets smaller as we get older, and I'm 65. I have to carry a magnifier with me to read all the instructions, at times! And the tiny keyboard and my fat fingers have issues, too! So that's a bit of a pain, but that's true across all brands of phones, not a problem with this one alone. The controls along each side are difficult to see with them being black-on-black. I suppose someone will say that I will get used to operating them by feel alone, but in order to get to that point, I have to be able to find them first! The sound seems to be good so far. The screen is very readable, when I get around the lilliputian type font. Colors are sharp. On-screen controls respond well. As far as I can be happy with a smart phone, I'm pleased with this one.This was my first "Smart Phone" purchase. I did not realize that not every Smart Phone does not have an external memory card slot. It makes you think, why in the world would you create a "Smart Phone" and then not have an functionality to have additonal storage?! So, I have ran into the problem of my phone telling me it can excute functions because I have run out of space. The only software that you can use to save any items is Zune. I have tried to install Zune several times, but it will not read my phone. When I connect my phone to my computer, it sees it as an MP3 player, not as a "Phone". I have pictures, videos and texts that I must save elsewhere. I emailed Samsung customer service and was told there are not other options to be able to save my items. So, I am trying to see if I can get something else but then I need to find out how will I get my items off of this phone? What a pain in the tail this has turned out to be. DON'T DO IT! U will be sorry.While the phone isn't quite as powerful as the new devices coming out now (I think it only has a single core processor?), the phone still packs a punch - I haven't thrown anything at it that it hasn't been able to handle pretty smoothly. I like the phone's smaller size - It's very pocket friendly, even with a case on it. The only negative I can think of regarding the phone is the severely limited storage space. These days 8GB is not alot of room to work with and unlike it's predecessor, the phone does not have a MicroSD card slot to upgrade it's storage space. Capacity aside, this is a great phone.I had a Samsung Jack that I lost and was replaced by the Samsung Focus Flash. The 4G is nice. The processor in the phone is much faster than my old phone. I plugged it into my computer and synced it with Windows Live and I got everything back that was in my other phone. I was very happy with the ability and speed of the phone for browsing but completely disappointed with the battery life. I charge it all night and it goes dead by afternoon with little usage. I turned off everything that ran in the background, made sure the wifi and bluetooth were turned off, and turned on the battery saver as soon as I took it off the charger. It started by saying it had 20 hours of battery life with a full charge but is dead within 13 hours. Since the phone was new I had it replaced because of its battery life and the replacement is the same as well. I like the phone but don't like the battery life. I am getting the insurance is replacing with with a different phone hope to get one with better battery life.when i first got the phone i liked it untill i found out i couldnt recieve mms , also i was getting missed calls when the phone didnt even ring and the reciever was pure bs everytime i picked up the phone the person on the other end couldnt hear me EVER. Last but not least it kept freezing when i got a text and when i turned the phone off n back on the text was no longer there ,not to mention this phone doesnt support anything like certain things i wanted to download i couldnt, no worries tho i sent it right back and got a full refundThe phone turns itself on & off, it will only dial 1 (my voicemail) i can't access anything to even use the phone, and WORST part is the replacement screen is as much as what i paid for the used phone $80. Waste of my part time money i make, which isn't much! I'm mad. (and some of my friends wonder why i'm sold as an iPhone chick?!) DON'T buy this phone!Really enjoying the phone as it is my first smartphone. The WiFi is awesome and I can even use the 4G without a data plan. I choose to turn it off to save battery. Only problem is the info said it had a microSD Slot and I don't think it does have it...unless someone can help me with at. Awesome phone, screen is great, it would be a better phone if the screen was an inch wider and bigger. That is all.I bought this phone and it said it was new and it was a used phone with persons contact and name. each time you try to set up your email on it the phone reboot itself and delete everything!!! i would not recommend this phone and if i could give it a zero i would!!!Sirve en Venezuela con linea Movistar. Muy duraderos.Very disappointed, however, both companies BREED and Amazon stood by a complete refund. 3 out of 3 phones not working doesn't stack to well though, does it.This came with everything it was told and did everything that I expected it to do. Charges great, works awesome, very happy with the results.I love this phone it's the best phone that I've ever owned. Thank you very much for allow me to voice my opinion.the phone is unlocked, with some at&t pre-install apps. I bought this on 7/26/2012. the UI is more responsive than android phone.Bad experience. It wasn't unlocked and I couldn't hear a thing thru the receiver. The rest was ok. It was in good condition except for that.The title to this item says it is ... Samsung focus flash - unlocked. but if u check the description it says .... NOT UNLOCKED! NOT UNLOCKED! Basically this is a misleading item .. either they should say unlocked but locked on ATT network or just say ATT phone .... dont mislead people by just putting "unlocked"in the title. I was thinking of buying this ... but forget it ...i cant trust u guys.I'm an Iphone 5 owner. I love my Iphone 5. I am also a tech geek who likes to try out other things, frequently. I was wanting to learn more about Windows Phone but didn't want to switch my phone with AT&T as it is expensive to do. So my wife had surprised me and bought this unlocked phone for me for a birthday present. It is simply put a very nice phone. Windows Phone software 7.5 is good, not great, but good. The phone itself is really nice. Good battery life and a battery that you can swap by removing the back cover. This feature alone would give it 5 starts. I don't like the sealed up battery on new phones, don't like the fact you have to return to a service center for a battery replacement. Also if so inclined you could buy a spare battery and have it charged up and put it in your pocket then change it while you are out, if your battery runs low. The battery life on this is pretty good. The only complaint I have about this phone is the fonts are small and most are unchangeable. When typing a text message, you cannot increase the font of the menu items (like send, attach, etc) and have to rely on the pictures. The phone has a beautiful screen and a great feel in your hand - feels solid and not cheesy. Well worth it for the money. Since it is unlocked I was able to use either my tmobile standard size sim or my att standard size sim without any issues.Purchased this phone for my sister as a replacement for her Samsung Focus SGH-i917 which just stopped working and would not power on (despite having a new battery etc.). Later found that this has been a problem Samsung Focus owners had been having. Because she had loved that phone and was used to the operating system, we selected this particular model and she loves it. It is pretty good looking and the screen is nice and vibrant. The colors are very vivid and everything appears very clearly on it from videos to text. The build quality is very good and although the body is made of a plastic material it feels very sturdy. It is not as 'bulky' or as heavy as the other focus, and it fits very nicely in the hand. The phone is quite fast and seems to run all of the apps currently installed smoothly and without issue. The camera is also pretty good, though not as good as the aforementioned model of the Focus. Internet connectivity on wifi and through data plan is fast enough for her purposes. Battery life is also not too bad and is able to last the whole day, 7 am - 5 pm, with wifi and data internet connectivity turned off. The only issue she is having is with some of the limits it has. For example; there arent as many apps in the app store, and a vast majority of them look weird or are not as optimized or refined as those for other Mobile O.S's. She is constantly complaining about the facebook app. Another thing is the fact that it cannot connect to other bluetooth devices for some reason. I read somewhere that it can only connect to other windows phones. All in all she is happy with it so I'm giving it a full 5 Stars.I purchased this phone to try out Straight Talk and eventually Simple Mobile rather than try them out on my principle cell phone, a Samsung Note II. The Focus Flash phone is truly unlocked despite what some of the other reviewers stated. I believe the problem those reviewers are having is enabling it adequately to access the internet using another service. I had problems accessing the internet as well initially. It took me a couple of days (and no help from Straight Talk, Samsung and AT&T and a little help (tiny) from this phone's seller) before I figured out how to enter the Straight Talk APN settings onto the Flash properly so that I could access the internet. The Focus Flash has APN entries for user name and password which threw me off for awhile. Also the proxy URL entry on the Focus Flash needed the IP address entry provided by Straight Talk and did not use the web address entry provided by Straight Talk. One leaves the password entry blank on the Focus Flash which is counter intuitive. Once I sorted this all out, I was able to access the internet just fine on the Focus Flash. The first thing I noticed is that Windows phones have very few of the Android apps or any good apps for that matter. I do think the Windows UI is nice but the lack of good apps is frustrating. This phone has a smallish screen especially in comparison to the Note 2. This is an adequate backup phone if one has the need for one which I do since I am using T-Mobile on my Note 2 for it's unlimited data. Straight Talk (using the ATT sim card) has superior coverage in the hinterlands which I drive through daily; it is unfortunate that the Straight Talk fine print in their terms of use say it is forbidden to use their unlimited internet service to stream videos or use any other program that uses too much data. It is my understanding that Simple Mobile controls data usage less explicitly per there terms of service but they do cut you off after about 2G per month. It seems like the only unlimited data is T-Mobile hence my need for a second phone with Straight Talk's ATT sim card service since I drive through the country frequently to get to work and other places that I frequent.I chose this phone after searching high &low for a smart phone that didn't have too many extremely annoying bells &whistles. Phone delivery was quick and it came with a great set of ear phones(which I use on everything but the phon3, lol) Plus me and hubby had th3 the ever so brilliant idea to get unlocked phones so if 1 place pisses us ofr we can switch to another gsm carrier. But one thing I will say is I had a huge issue sending&receiving pictures or internet links.I took it to my phone carrier (Tmobile)and after the tech trying to trouble shoot the issue in person then him giving up and calling tech support for Tmobile, and they couldn't fix the issue either I thought all was lost and then phone was going to have to go back.But I started googling "samsung focus flash ......trouble receiving media"and came across a tech board where folks suggested entering specific codes geared towards your mobile provider. I did this, and then turned off the data on the phone(under phone settings) and then turned it right back on and I haven't had a issue since. So all in all turned out to be a good purchase. Update 9/26/14: Here's the link to fix the media issue - http://support.t-mobile.com/thread/38111This windows phone is for my dad.I played with and I was in love. It was quick on the wifi network . I have been reading the reviews below stating that it is locked. I stopped by a T Mobile store, the store manager graciously allowed me to test the phone on its network, I was not allowed to make a phone call using their SIM card but he was kind enough to allow me to check whether it received a T movile signal else I would have received a NO SIM error. The phone is currently in use outside U.S without any issues This is great light weight phone for basic use of win 7.x. For this price you can't go wrongThis phone has great features, and WHEN it works it very nice. But from the second day I had it the phone freezes up when you try to make a call. And that happens at least once a day. What's the point of a phone that you can't make calls on? Its a shame really, the camera, the contact integration, everything about the phone is well made. It just freezes up way too much. Then you have to wait while it restarts, and it works from there on in until the next day. What a wasteSo I went from the Galaxy Note 2, to this phone. My Note shattered when I dropped it, and I needed something fast and wanted to give Windows a shot without coughing up too much money. This phone was actually faster than my Note 2. It had a more smoother flow too it. I'm not big on smaller phone, as I have a tendency to lose them often. The biggest drawback was the microphone on the phone is really bad. I had to get a headphone set just so people could hear me. Even on speaker, it did not pick up anything I was saying at all. I like it enough to say I will give Windows 1 more shot due to the speed.Well i regret to inform I am not satisfied. The phone worked well the first week and never again. I am having hell now. The phone freezes constantly, turns off by itself. I also have problems making calls when trying to dial to make calls the screen blinks like a christmas light and when the call connects the person cannot hear me. I wish i could say i am pleased but i am not. I am a busy business woman in need of a reliable phone. I would like you to fix this problem or replace the phone. Otherwise please refund my money. Im truly was excited to get this phone but with these issues im not excited as you can imagine.i ordered this because ive never had a smart phone and i didnt want an android or an iphone. theyre too expensive! in total i paid $175 which is a great price for a smartphone! even my dad was like "whoa:o" ...but anyway, this is a great phone. its super cute and light and sleek. it feels really nice when youre holding it. so far i havent had any problems with it. the phone itself is very fast and responsive as well as the internettt. its capable of wi-fi (which i used for a day until i got a data plan) ..idk if its unlocked or not because i have at&t and all i had to do was switch the sim card and i was set. the only problem i have is that it does not a have microSD slot but thats ok. i still love this phone. ..if youre having any doubts, DONT!! its a great phone! :DIt is a good phone, and works good most of the time, the only problem with the phone i had is that sometimes it wont ring even when it is not on vibrate.. i have to turn it off and on to fix it, it has frozen 2 times in the past 6 months, my biggest problem is not actually with the phone but the operating system, the lack of a task manager kills me,I was disappointed. Surprised my husband n Bought this phone for his Christmas present n had to send it back. He has T mobile and they said they didn't even know Samsung had a windows phone lol. We went to the store to see if there was something they could do to update the phone so we could do pic msgs. But other than that the phone was ok. The funny thing to me is my husband is an electronics fanatic n this phone was hard for him to understand although he picked it. I told him I bet he didn't know this phone would give him a beating lol.Use en su momento el Omnia 7 un telfono del 2010 y nada mal muy bueno, pero ahora por mi cumpleaos me hice de este gran Focus Flash i677 que la verdad me sorprende lo compacto que es, super rpido, la experiencia en Windows Phone 7 Mango se optimiza, muy buena cmara, 3.7 " Super AMOLED es espectacular, excelente trabajo el que hizo Samsung, ahora bien como todo Windows Phone 7 lo malo es que no posee la caracterstica de ponerle tarjeta MicroSD, as que 8 GB es todo lo que se tiene, pero no es de morir, la cmara es rpida en la captura en video 720p muy bien logrados, el botn fsico de cmara bien colocado y muy til lastima que en los Galaxy no existe, el material muy bueno metal con plstico el acabado es impecable, es un gran terminal super recomendado, funciona bien en Guatemala.This was a perfect Christmas present. I bought together with the case hard shield cover and screen protectors. It was a new surprise, because he had been looking for this model. It was bit small in his big hands, but he didn't after a while.Simply love this little phone, I hope Samsung can continue to make theme. Gorgeous looks, especially in the right case (i got the black rubberized protector for it--sold on Amazon). Friends are amazed at how fast this phone really is.Worst purchase ever. First of all, we did not receive this phone - we received an Omnia, because apparently, it is considered the "same phone." So we dealt with it, since I had ordered it for my husband for Christmas. To this day, it will receive zero media content, as in he can neither send nor receive pictures or files of any sort, and three-quarters of the time it will not send a text message. It gets almost no service ANYWHERE AT ALL and has left my husband frustrated beyond belief. The only reason we still have it because we cannot afford to buy a different one right now. This is by far the worst phone we have ever had. Really, really awful, and I just get mad every time I think about being stuck with it.I loved this phone except for no front-facing camera and the audio didn't work after about a year.The only complaint is those regarding the WP7 system, but is a great phone for its price. I cannot erase the phone messages with one option I have to erase one by one these messages.I bought this phone for my 85 year old father. He doesn't quite understand it, but it was easier for him to understand than a android phone. We used this phone as an ATT Go-Phone. No problems there.Good smartphone for the price. This is a Windows phone. Many apps are available from Marketplace. i'm just having trouble with my pictures. Can't send or receive them to and from another cell. I think i might need a data plan to send and receive pics. i'm going to add a data plan next month to see if i can start exchanging pics again.Great product, worked perfect, as described and arrived on timeLove windows 7 OS its the easiest I've used, love the size fits in my hand like a phone should and the touch screen is very responsive.the phone is in excellents conditions and looks very good, but didnt has charger. dont know where they left the charger. the other things are okMy son had this phone and it dropped for the millionth time...bam...I ordered this one and he is happy. He loved this phone.I gave this cellphone as a gift to husband on Christmas. It is unlocked so we can just insert our tmobile sim. He likes it because its easy to use great resolution for pictures and light in weight. I would recommend this one.i bought it to use in Jamaica, all u had to do is put your sims from your old active phone and it was ready to go..screen keeps freezing have to take the battery out..sometime the people cant hear and u have to use tthe speaker. fb and other apps are sooooo slow!!Super easy user interface, very intuitive. It is not unlocked as stated - need to go online and open it for a feePurchased 4 refurbished From day one Speakers on one are not working On another the screen has frozen in less then a month.had this phone for about 5 months iv droped it 10000000 times not a scratch!! i love eerything about it runs fast, just about the best phone ever!!!Got for my son he loves the phone but he can't get things like Instagram and a few others besides that great phone I bought this phone 2 years ago . It is still working . I wanna buy one more .I get this with some questions because im from El Salvador, but is full unlocked phone and a great hardware, i think is the better phone with Windows Phone in samsung gamma. Camera its full hd resolution i never seen pictures in great resolution than Samsung Focus Flash!!!This phone is not unlocked. I have tried to call AT&T to fix this, however, they are unable to unlock it for me. Waste of my time and money. Should not be listed as Unlocked. Should have read the reviews...just ok!Hot Spot Works Great ! I Just Needed A Much Bigger Display Because I'm Going Blind Otherwise A GREAT PHONE!!El producto lo compre con muchas expectativas, mi objetivo era un celular no muy caro, que funcionara en Colombia, con un aspecto que pudiese compararse con un celular de una gama alta, con buenas caractersticas y creo que cumpli con esas expectativas al 100%, lo nico malo es que la calidad de las llamadas no es muy buena, y algunas aplicaciones como whatsapp tienen muchos problemas en windows phone. Recomendado para el que lo quiera comprar, es una buena inversin, ha sido de mucha utilidad en mi trabajo!.what a price and just in time to catch up with technology. it is fast and small and colorful and works. no 7.8 though.i like it is really nice phone i would say that if you want phone to use this is good phone.GarbageReally good and durable!Avg phonebest purchase ever. i bought it from SurgeTelecom and it is brand new unlocked. i love this phone. and it has great features.sent to my boyfriend and he loved it ,he only need to purchase an international sim card for it Do you sell sell SIM card to fit that phoneAm crazy about this phone i love it,and that is my first windows phone is cute .Came on time,the price was good.Great job guysIncoming calls were so low in volume that they could not be heard, even with the volume turned all of the way up. I returned it immediately.It hangs up. Display is not as bright. I like windows platform but it's definitely a subpar phone. The call quality is good but you can't predict when it's going to act up so I might just be ringing but you won't be able to take a callThe phone is ok, but cannot text pictures which I was hoping to be able to do. Not sure if it's the phone or the Windows platform.El telefono en efecto est desbloqueado, el sistema operativo es impresionante, corre bien, sofisticado y sencillo a la vez, excelente para quienes usan las redes sociales y gustan mantenerse actualizados en las noticias y acontecimientos y con sus contactos.It's a shame, the phone is locked and can not be used. I do not understand because they offer the phone unlocked when it really is not. This is false advertising.When I first got this phone, I thought it was the best I had ever had. It's so much faster than my previous smartphones, beautiful design, and easy to navigate. I was in love. However, a couple of weeks went by, and I realized that this phone was missing things I consider necessities. * The camera is the worst. I have tried adjusting the settings to the highest quality, and they still come out blurry, discolored, etc. I am losing quality pictures of my family now. I'm tempted to carry my old phone in my purse just for pictures. * No external SD. I've never had a phone without one, so I didn't even think to check before I bought it. * Virtually NO APP SUPPORT!!! No one has apps for Windows!!! If you use coupon apps, Shopkick, Starbucks, play Candy Crush, listen to Pandora, you are 100% out of luck with this model. Supposedly Pandora is on some Windows phones, but not this one. I feel like I am now losing quite a lot of money due to the lack of coupon apps/Shopkick/etc. that I relied on heavily with my Android every single time I shopped. This has been the biggest pain for me, and would have been a dealbreaker if I had known. As far as the phone goes, texting, email, and Facebook, it does an awesome job. But for me, this is just not what I bargained for.I bought this phone for my husband because I had the I677 with Zune and really liked it. I didn't realize this had a different OS on it, and our phones did operate different. I gave it only two stars because after only 4 months, it konked out. The phone was used, but I contacted the seller and asked if the OS could be reloaded because the phone was still booting up but not going anywhere. The seller replied within a reasonable time and gave us a website or two where this phone could be reloaded. It is now back in working order. I'm not sure whether my husband loaded it with a Zune OS or Windows, but I think he put Zune on it. We do not recommend buying a phone with a Windows OS because Windows is too susceptible to picking up a virus. I am in no way criticizing the seller. I am happy with the seller and would buy from EZCorp again.To say this phone is poorly designed is an understatement. It is almost impossible to find a place to hold it along its edges without changing the ringer setting. Sneeze and it opens Bing, which I'm certain gave the Microsoft team a big chuckle and maybe even a bonus (all those unwanted hits are recorded by Bing, so it seems a real competitor to Google). Making a phone call (it IS a phone, right?) requires a three-stage process just to get to the dialing touch pad. If you want to return a call from someone in your address book, you see their name on your "history" page AND the number they called from. But when you press the screen to get to their name, you get their full listing, and you have to then choose which number to call, and then press the screen to have the phone dial that number. The Address Book is strictly alphabetical: to get to Ms. W you can scroll in only one direction, starting down from A. Speaking of alphabetical: the list of programs starts with Alarms and ends with Settings. You're forced to scroll down, past programs you may never use (what is "Now"?) to get to Settings, which you may often use to change ringtones, etc. It does have a sensitive gyroscope. Move a little bit and the images on the screen do a 90-degree turn. Try to move them back? Not so easy. And last but not least: if you need to download an update from Microsoft (which takes close to forever), you can't simply connect. The download comes through Microsoft's Zune. What? You're not a Zune "member" or customer? You have to sign up! Which takes more time. A dreadful combo of bad hardware design coupled with Windows at its worst.I am amazed nobody ever told me this OS is completely locked-in, opposite to previous version of Windows Phone (6.0) I had. This version (7.1, 7.5) is crap. Let me tell you: - The only way you can load something in your phone is thru a kid-like interfase named Zune, which is good only for songs and stuff like that. - You cannot load external content, just thru Zune or from windows approved marketplace. NOTHING ELSE. - you cannot comunicate between your phone and PC unless you download Microsoft special environment. - your phone will be always invisible for File Manager, Windows Explorer or any other tool. No way to move files manually. - you only can access files thru Zune or having an account with hotmail AND windowsphone. When hotmail is down, your smartphone is no so smart. better be prepared to pay for a wideband connection. - you cannot use any other browser than IE. Not Opera, not Chrome, not Firefox, nothing. - adobe reader is allowed, but I never could download heavy files, and then just thru microsoft's own storage in the cloud. I could not use flash or any other tool like that. In the end, I do not blame MS but myself, I did not do the necessary market research and wasted my money into a locked-in operating system, so I only can look with envy when my pals play with their Android, Iphone and even Nokia devices. My only little, tiny revenge to date has been giving my wife a Samsung Ace for christmas. And please remember this phone HAS NO MICRO SD SLOT, all the 8GB memory is internal (just 6,5GB is free for you to use it), so you cannot access it without MS tools)I really do love this phone. I had a smart phone, but it was when the first kinds of touch screen smart phones were coming out and it was straight garbage. This phone is dynamite. You know, if you aren't looking to get all the bells and whistles then this is a great phone. The Windows Platform is not as bad as advertised. I really enjoy the platform actually. It is easy to use, and simple to learn. The phone is lightning quick. My biggest pet peeve though is there is no functional d-pad on the QWERTY touch screen pad. It does get annoying some, but overall, it really is a minor issue. I think the phone is great and I wouldn't trade it out. I enjoy the heck out of it. I'm a simple guy, and this all the fancy phone I need :-).this is my first time using an android phone and i must say this operating system is disappointing. it is not user friendly at all. i'm going back to using the android operating system as soon as possibleI am nearly 14 years old, and I got this phone in the blue color for my birthday last year. I was very excited about it, as it was going to be my first smartphone, for which I had been waiting 2 years. When I first got the phone I was thrilled with how it worked. It had smooth graphics and did nearly everything I wanted it to at the time. After the first month or two, the phone started running slower, malfunctioning on certian actions, and deleting my pictures (a problem which I still haven't solved). It isn't NEARLY as bad as my mom's Samsung Transform (DO NOT BUY), but still is hugely annoying. About 6 months ago, I got a Facebook account and downloaded the Facebook app to this phone, which is a fairly large app. After downloading the app, I didn't have enough memory to download even a single app, not even enough to update apps already downloaded on the phone. I have moved every app possible to the SD card, and clear cache every day, but THERE IS HARDLY ANY INTERNAL MEMORY ON THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!! I have uninstalled every single app that I do not use and still have not updated any apps in the past 6 months, which only decreases the quality of service on the phone. Also, because of the small screen size, many apps are not "listed as compatible" even though they can actually be run on the phone. I was waiting months for the popular Temple Run game to come out on Android, only to find that I couldn't download it because of this compatibility miscommunication. In short, if you are planning to download more than 5 apps that cannot be moved to SD card, DO NOT buy this phone. It is a piece of crap. I have been begging my mom for 6 months for a new phone, and literally are counting the days until I can get an upgrade on my phone. And that is more than a year from now!! PROS: -Completes most actions well -Hard keyboard -Compact and light CONS: -Deletes pictures for no reason -Has hardly any internal memory -Cannot download many popular apps -Malfunctions easilyI would have gave this cell phone 5 stars but gave it 4 b/c of memory.Got the Replenish in 2011 and Loved It.Was very disappointed to find out I couldn't get another one,the speaker phone worked great,better than my new Samsung S III does.I could watch youtube video's and search the net,didnt do well with powerhog apps like facebook but that is what I got a tablet for.Tired of paying Sprint more money for a 4g phone,so I'm looking for a case to purchase for this 3 year old phone that is still in perfect working order.When it wears out I'll just buy another instead of waiting 2 years just to get a free phone.This phone is the BANE of my existence. It was my first smartphone, so I was excited just to have apps and stuff, and was blinded by it's cruel and abusive nature. I am now on my 4th Replenish because it keeps breaking, one way or another. First time the lock/unlock/power button stopped working, then the phone stopped working altogether, then with my replacement the internal antenna broke, and now my 3rd model has the same problem as the first. The battery life is minuscule, data isn't great, it can't do many popular apps because of the screen size; just go for the big guns. This thing is whack.The samsung replenish is an ok phone without the extra $10 a month but it will not go through a rinse cycle and survive.Even though my son lost his first Samsung Replenish I was able to get a "new" one online for about $50. This enables me to not buy the protection plan- save about $100 per year and when the inevitable lost/broke/stolen happens I just go to Amazon and get another. Thanks Amazon.I will never purchase anything through this guy. I purchased a phone. I call sprint to get it activated an it's coming up stolen. This guy have got my money an I get use this phone never again ...I want to like this thing, I really do. But it makes me irritated on a daily basis. It drops the signal constantly, web pages refuse to load, it overheats, it takes forever to charge, the keyboard is slippery, the screen is poor quality (things look really fuzzy unless you zoom way in), and the battery life is cruddy at best. I like Android but this thing is a total fail-especially for an "eco phone". What's the point of it being 'eco' if the battery life stinks?I cannot recommend this phone for anybody who lives in a hot, humid environment. My son is on his 7th or 8th phone (free insurance replacements) and we give up. The charging port cannot handle the humidity here in Florida and gets "water damage". Good for texting and phone calls when it works, but web access is marginal and the screen pretty tiny. Didn't want to pay $$$ for a Blackberry, which is the only similar style phone. So son gets an old Galaxy now and will figure out how to Swype.You can get this phone used for free from many companies, and if you're desperate for a phone, it will do just fine until you can save money for a better one. It's a good phone for about a year, if you can ignore the minimalist internal memory. It was almost exactly a year to the date when mine started severely misbehaving. First the battery stopped holding a charge, and bubbled up. I attempted to buy another battery online (Buyer beware) which didn't work in the phone. I have only had issues with the 20mb internal memory, (To put it into perspective, the google play store takes up 10mb and facebook takes 13.) and the battery. Everything else worked just fine.I was very happy with this, my first smartphone, for a few months, but then I started running out of room. I had plenty of room on my SD card and nothing installed on the phone itself except the Amazon apps and Facebook, which won't run on the SD card. Even after a complete reset, I don't have enough room to download most updates. I have to constantly delete and reinstall Facebook. Also, the battery got to the point where it would only hold a charge for about 5 minutes after only about a year of use. Luckily, new batteries are cheap.I just needed a temp phone until my contract expires. I lost my last one but still had an extra sim card laying around. bought this phone and stuck the sim card in, A 5 minute call to ATT had it activated and its worked pretty good so far. Absolutely nothing fancy about it, there is no screen on the outside so that's a little bit of a pain, but it doesn't answer upon opening so you can still screen your calls if you are into that sort of thing. For people who don't see very well or want a very simple easy to use phone this is it... takes all of 3 seconds to adjust any setting, all three of them. no camera is kind of a pain but certainly not a deal breaker. If you are either looking for a temporary phone to replace a lost one or a go phone for simplicity, this is a great phone.My senior mother, 74, really likes it. She likes VERY simple phones. She doesn't text, take pics, etc. Just makes calls if she is not at home and needs something. (not while she is driving, mind you) My dad is usually driving. He refuses to use it. LOL I bought it for them in case they need anything or we need them when they are out and about and we can't get hold of them. We have went thru a couple of phones but no big deal. We buy the cheap ones. So far, so good. They are not tech savvy at all. If they can use it, anyone can use it. We still cant get them to set the voicemail up properly. geeshThis was for my emergency pre-paid phone. I had smartphone with Android instead and it was pretty unreliable and had to be recharged every day. This one could be recharged only once a week and much more reliable. Interface is little bit clunky (prevented me from giving 5 stars), but this interface is very similar to most basic phones have. Does not show incoming phone number unless you open it (doesn't have a LCD display on outside shell) and this takes another second before making decision to pick up or not.If you need an inexpensive phone, this one works well. It does a great job for a really good price. One thing that we didn't realize when we first got this phone. USB Wall chargers and car chargers that will charge virtually anything, don't charge this phone. I can plug it in with its wall charger to charge it. I can use my computer and a usb cable to charge it, but it won't charge with chargers that will charge our iPods or iPads. Rather strange.Great cheap phone. We were looking to get rid of our land line and decided to get this cheapie cell phone to serve as the house emergency phone since our kids dont have cells. Super price, delivered quick and includes wall charger and ATT gophone SIM card. Will purchase a $100 card (which is my understanding will keep the phone active for a year). Sure beats a monthly phone bill!This is a great basic phone if you are on the ATT goPhone plan system or if you want to use it with an existing ATT plan. I purchased this inexpensive phone for my dad who is not a big fan of technology and is perfectly happy with this. It doesn't have many features, but if you are looking for a durable fone that has great calling quality and holds the charge well, look no further. It's not a smart phone or meant for continued internet access.I got this for my mother as a simple pay-as-you-go phone, and it functions exceedingly well. It's got good, solid earpiece sound, which was needed in her case; her previous phone or two had been too dull for her ears. This is sharp and clear, and she loves it. It's super simplistic, so it's hard to give it any more than 4-stars, but it does what it says it's going to do (which is not much) and it does it well.After lots of comparison, this was the cheapest phone I could use with AT&T for just simply making phone calls, texting, and voicemail. I use this as a work phone when I don't want people to have my personal cell phone number. AT&T had the best plan for the least amount of money for the most amount of time for a pay per minute plan (10-cents/min, pre-paid $25 which lasts 90 days).You get what you pay for. We needed phones on our visit to the States and these were functional. Pricing of the different plans are a bit confusing and you can get ripped off if you are not careful in some of the plans. Overall, it served a purpose. I just hope we can use these again next year when we come to the States to visit family.and still trying to send back along with the min cards thank youI haven't used this phone much yet, as it was mainly purchased for emergency use, etc. but the few times I have had occasion to use it, it's worked fine for me. Reception, when I could get it, was fine, and though the menu is somewhat busy for a neophyte, it hasn't been that difficult maneuvering around in it. And the basic per minute charge plan works out quite well for my needs so far. No complaints after a month or so.I had a Nexus 4. I LOVED that Nexus 4. I sold my Nexus 4. Like many, I found myself too connected. I was too distracted with the internet in my pocket. The solution? The Samsung a157 GoPhone. No muss, no fuss. Just a phone and texting device that works and works well. I charge it every three or four days and it rewards me with good call quality and reliable service.The Samsung a157 GoPhone is not that bad a deal for the price. It does come with the SIM card and the phone is very easy to activate which at that time is when you get your phone number. Phone is light but looks like it will hold up well unless your dropping it. Would recommend and buy again if needed. Perfect throw away phone.This is a phone without all the bells and whistles and that's exactly what I wanted. It is simply a phone that is compact, has decent reception and is quite good at one thing - making and receiving phone calls. I'm very satisfied with it.There's nothing fancy to this phone. It's the most basic 90's phone you can get. Which is what I needed for my mom. It never got the clearest signal, and would make loud screeching noises from time to time during a conversation. It broke on the second week of using it. The screen went black and there was no way to fix it.ExcellentThe phone is easy to use and doesn't have any unnecessary bells or whistles. I wanted a phone that made calls and made texts and that is what this is. It has fairly good reception and it is a little small to hold and to use but it is still very managable. The only complaint I truly have is the volume of the speaker. I dont think it would be good for someone hard of hearing.This version of the phone is unlocked and it has a great reception. I had a different phone, brand new and in some areas of the town had no reception. I use this phone without a problem. It is really user friendly. Highly recommended for basic plans and for minute cards.I ordered this phone because I live outside the US and need a telephone while visiting. It was shipped to the address where I was staying. The phone arrived with a SIM card but no telephone number. The day I arrived, I tried to activate the phone. I was told by the AT&T chat service that I could activate the phone by calling an 888 number. I called, and they could not do anything. They told me I have to go to an AT&T office. I am travelling, and it is not convenient to find AT&T. I will have to take a taxi there and back, which will cost more than it would have to extend service on my European telephone. This is the product description: Pay As You Go with GoPhone "With AT&T's GoPhone pay-as-you-go service, you get all the benefits of wireless without the surprises--no long-term contracts, credit checks, or deposits. You can easily refill your minutes via prepaid cards or the Internet, or choose to prepay each month and roll over unused minutes. "You can choose from a variety of plans that suit your individual needs--including monthly and daily plans with unlimited talk and text messaging as well as a simple per-minute plan. And with Rollover Balance, you can carry over your unused account balance when you refill before your balance expires, up to the account maximum (learn more below)." Frankly, I find nothing easy about AT&T's Go Phone. Two days later: in all fairness, I finally made contact with a competent AT&T employee via the chat and she dent me a link to a page where I could activate the phone. The process was not easy, but it worked.Works well for a cheap phoneI am very disappointed with this phone is just to outdated and my wife is having a hard time trying to send and received messages with it, the screen is to small and make it very hard to see in it, to many steps to do anything making the phone very difficult to operate.I've had this phone for almost a year now so I feel I can give a good review for it. I bought it to replace another basic AT&T cell phone that stopped working. I'm not one of those 'play on the internet all day' people, although I fall into the typical demographic - 30-something, middle-class, etc. Anyways, my wife has an iPhone and she uses it for work and play. I work a job where I'm not even ALLOWED to have a cell phone on my person and if I'm caught with one it can lead to disciplinary action! Enter the Samsung a157 GoPhone. It's a phone that does what a phone is supposed to do - MAKE/RECEIVE CALLS. Also, I can text with it(sometimes required when talking is not optimal). I believe it can be used to access the internet, but my plan is for talk/text only so I've got no experience with that. Reception is good, but that could be due to the provider. I like the sleek appearance and size(it fits in those little 'pockets inside of pockets' in men's pants for cell phones easily. I can't say that for some of the 'is it a tablet or a cell phone?' devices out there. The picture makes it appear two-toned black/gray. That is just the flash of the photographer as it is all black. It's not made 'vision-friendly' with larger-than-normal keys even though it looks like it could be(I often get ribbed for my 'Jitterbug' phone). Everything is well laid-out and I don't have any problems accessing my Contacts List or changing Settings. Finally, I like that I paid only 15 bucks for this phone! I just transferred the SIM card of my old AT&T phone to this one and 'Viola! - New Phone'. I once washed it in my jeans and after a couple days in a baggie of rice it was good as new. I may have sweated a little bit if it were my wife's iPhone, for example, but I knew that even if the 'rice trick' didn't work I just needed to spend less than I would for two movie tickets for a new one. 4 stars for being a good, basic phone. JaeOkMy dad can hear! Only uses phone for calling, he does not text or email or have internet. Was thrilled he could hear so well and could hear with the speaker too.I must have got lucky. Phone works fine. Put sim card from old phone in, turned it on and it worked fine. Reception is OK as well as send quality. Menus are plain with no frills. Talk and listen phone. Nothing more.We bought this phone for my dad because it is a nice looking and simple phone. My dad doesn't really like android phone, so this phone was perfect for him. Plus the phone arrived two days earlier than expected. Kudos to the sender.This item was perfect. Easy to install and it performed perfect!This is a no-nonsense phone with plenty of bells and whistles to keep me happy. This phone has a good antenna and great voice quality. While this phone is not my daily driver, it is a good spare phone to have handy. For the cheap price this is a good quality device.Working great ! My mom still using!!This was a replacement for my 3 year old cell and is better in almost every way than the last, both are Samsungs but this has better features and is faster than the last one. so far I'm extremely pleased with it and I like the fact it cost less than the last.This phone is obviously very basic but I have had no issue with it. Reception is just as good as all my other phones and calls are clear. That's all I need a phone for. Great buy for the price.I guess I just expected a phone that doesn't need to do much except call and text to last a bit longer on the battery. 98% of its life is spent in standby, and it lasts less than 5 days. But then, what do you really want from a $14 phone. ;)This is a good phone for just talk and text purposes, and it also has a great battery life; It can go about four days before needing to be recharged. Although not very often, receiving messages can be a little delayed.OKI normally only use my cell phone for emergencies, but this phone is very easy to use so I have found myself using it more often. Switching between text modes is not as smooth as I would like, but for the price & its general use it's fine.got this for my senior mom, she likes corded headsets ONLY i had to go though 3 tech steps to find out the ONLY one that works with the phone is the Samsung AAEP305SBE Hands-Free Mono Headset - Original OEM -...I bought this phone and it has more useful features than a smart phone. It is simple and easy to use. The reception is great and battery life is usually 3 days. I had to down grade my phone because of monetary reasons and AT&T requires at least a 300MB data plan if a person has a smart phone (costing $20.00 a month). It has no camera but is amazing for it's price (I paid around $18.00 dollars with my prime membership).Simple and reliable. Perfect for a soldier in training and on the go. Everything I need to allow me to talk to my family on a daily basis. Great product.There is nothing like an old flip phone. For those who do not wish to sign a contract or have a complicated device, such as my grandfather, this was perfect.Everything is perfect except for the instuctions. For example I had a lot of trouble installing the SIM card. A picture would have been very helpful.A good phone for the money I think. Apparently the AT&T phone store wants to sell data phones that are expensive and require a data plan. If you just want a good old fashioned cell phone, they only offer a very crappy model that you are sure to be unhappy with so you will come back and they can upsell you something you don't need. The simple phone I got from the store would not stay charged for two days. I bought this phone and pulled out the SIM card and put in the SIM card that was in the crappy AT&T phone and that was it. This one is much better.Great economic way to have cell phone convenience for little cost. Not really for phone addicts, works best for people who need an emergency or low use phone.Just what I needed,battery dies a little too fast but overall it's good for the price.My Smartphone was being repaired so this phone did the job. I forgot how long these batteries run for. Anyhow, if your looking for a cheap and simple phone this is it.I got this last month and got the package without the battery. Amazon refunded 40% of the amount I paid, but it is still a bother to find a genuine Samsung battery for this phone. Also want to mention that this was delivered in a plastic packet and not a retail box. Not sure if this is how they package it nowadays...Bought it for my dad and so far he says that he is very happy with the phone and that it helps him do what he needs which is make calls and send texts.Had a few phone companies and phones. This one was easy as long as I talked to a representative. Got it all done in no time short.It has everything you need for a phone. The very basics. No camera, no apps, just a standard flip phone. Good, simple phone. It only has a couple standard plans, either 50 for unlimited or 25 for 250 minutes. Or pay as you go with some other charges I think. I go for the 25, and it's way better than having my last for for 55 a month even without the fancy stuff.Flawless. Works perfectly. Having used it for a few weeks, I honestly can't say a single negative thing about this phone or the service provided by AT&T!I needed a phone to replace the one that my son broke. This was a great cheap phone that does the job. Reliable and good signal.Can't believe it is so cheap. Great quality, great sound, long battery life, light weight, very durable - drop it as much as you want.We bought this phone only to port our home number to, so we could port then port it to Google Voice. It served its purpose well.A complete phone even as I lack the need for some of the features. Fits nicely in my Jean coin pocket so handy.a solid cheap phone for a backupThis cell , and the Go Phone no contract plan, is fine for those of us who rarely use a cell, , and have no desire to shell out $$$$ for a monthly plan.No battery included.Snow drift 1 - Samsung a157 GoPhone 0 It worked very well up to that point though!Love it! Simple and battery lasts forever! Perfect for the technologically disadvantaged!Although I am a smart phone kind of person, I really liked this phone a lot. It was easy to use and was exactly what I needed at the time. It works very well, although it was a bit tricky when it came to texting, (this is of course my fault rather than the phones) I'm used to the slide out keyboard, but for a temp phone it does the job.Not fancy but works for the money I spent on this purchase. It is handy and I use as second line for my family plan.bought 2 of these phones for my daughter and wife who are currently in the states. speaking from the uk they are much clearer than her previous phone, tarriffs are good for what we need and they both seem to think there good for a cheap solution to the problem of communicating coupled with internet access and a fairly good battery life, makes for a good all round affordable packageShe loves it and says it is easy to handle. She would buy another one. I am glad I sent it to her.After reading 22 reviews on this phone that gave it 21 out 22 good reviews, I decided to try this phone. I purchased it for my mother because she lives in a small community where the phone reception is not that good and this phone works wonderfully in her town.Awesome phone, great battery life, easy to use, I would prefer for long calls. Awesome sound clarity. Would be the best for rough use.i bought this phone and trust me its really goodEasy enough to use, my mom has no use for a smartphone and this does all that she requires, calls and texts. Although pics look less than ideal but that is understood.It's a basic phone, which for us is good. But it works very well, is easy to use, and is very inexpensive. Highly recommended.fell apart after 2 monthsHusband is happy with this. Very simple and just a phone.Este celular es ideal, ya haba olvidado lo cmodo que eran estos telfonos tan pequeos, cumple sus funciones principales y adems el precio es insuperable.I have 3 other identical ones, for se when the family goes in an outing. A good small phon with good pans options.I use this phone for a dummy line on my account and for 9.99 you cant beat it. Awesome for what I needed.Simple. Gets the job done and mom is happy not having to "learn" another phone.Love it. But turns itself off frequently.great!!I think this is a great phone. I don't want on the internet or to take pictures with my phone I have a camera and a computer for that. This phone does exactly what a phone is suppose to do, it lets you talk.nice basic phone. price was with in my budget. i bought it as a extra back up phone. im gonna keep it for emgergencysIf you're looking for a cheap phone to just talk and text with, this does the job. It's not particularly fancy and doesn't have all the fun apps that your friends with iPhones have, but you only have to charge it like once a week which is a huge advantage for me.FOR ME, i have a smartphone, but it distract me a lot. so this one works perfectly for me only calls and msg. goodNice cheap phone. Use for a backup on AT&T. Holds a charge nicely. Doesnt have an external display but knew that when I ordered it. Delivered on time. Would buy again. Exactly what I needed.A surprisingly good inexpensive phone.This is not the fastest phone in the world but it gets the job done...and for $20 I can not complain. Took me longer to open the darn plastic than to set up the phone and save my contacts (I only have 8 contacts). Bottom line...I can text and call without issues for very little start up cost...easy to use. durable. battery lasts a couple days with normal use and charges quickly. i wish they were still available in stores. i ordered 3 from three different vendors so i'd never have to get a different phone.My old phone was dead and I did not had upgrade option available from AT&T. I did not want to spend $400 for a smartphone. So until I get upgrade option available I decide to use this phone, battery and reception is great. Its basic phone so does all basic phone things well.These are great and so cheap I bought 3 of them last year when best buy had them for $5 a piece. I've used them when i was in between phones, and I also keep some in a first aid backpack because even without a phone plan they are able to call 911 in an emergency.Have to repower the phone often to get reception from AT&T. It'll work for a while and then when you try to use it it says emergency calls only like the SIM card isn't recognized. Turning it off and on fixes that but it's a problem when I have to call and my son hasn't realized the phone isn't working, so the calls go straight into voicemail. I bought this as a cheap option for my 10 yo son to keep track of him since he's not ready for a real phone yet and I don't want to pay the big 2-year service plan. As expected he didn't take care of it and washed it with his clothes, so the phone is now dead. It is not waterproof! ;-) Conclusion, he still can't have an expensive smart phone! We bought another GO phone by LG and AT&T helped me swap over the remaining minutes to the new SIM card, but had to do it at an AT&T store and buy the cheap phone they had there. We'll see if the new one is any better.I got this go phone because my last cell phone died, and didn't want to spend a lot. I currently have a contract with AT&T, so all I did was add my original SIM CARD into the phone It works great, like a normal cell phone with out any extra charges :) The phone itself is actual Black instead of a Charcoal. Extremely light weight. If you have a tendency to lose your phones I recommend getting a cellular charm of some kind. The screen is a decent size. Although I wouldn't recommend this phone for people who have bad eye sight. For the font is quite small. The battery life is excellent. This phone is Not a smart phone. All buttons are concealed, so you will never butt dial or go on the internet randomly in your pocket. For volume control you press the middle button up/down, this includes whether on the phone. The flip action is great, sturdy. The cellular reception is great. I am able to get reception in most of the areas I could not before with my old cell phone. The cellular durability is good. The cell phone doesn't have a camera and it's mainly is for texting and calling. You also can not do much customizing on the cellular profiles. They are basic. You can go on the internet, but I haven't done so. All around this cell phone is pretty cool if all you want is to call and text. I am happy with my purchase and would buy again :)Great phone for the price.goodOk everythingGot dis phone for a friend, who needed upgrade without paying phone company higher price or stuck with added new contract.even walmart couldn't match prices. The phone came in it's original package.Well he's happy camper. Only problem I have with my friend is he's always asking me to check amazon for dis n dat.lol, loves.fast shipping.some features are difficult to find.The sound quality is not good and I seem to loose my signal more with this phone than any other I've owned. It's worth what I paid for it.It's nice and compact, and the transfer to this phone from my old phone was fast and easy. I don't mind having an older phone like this, and the keys are nice and easy to push as well!For the price it is all I need even has a camera. I use it for emergencies only and it works great. Easy to use.I bought this phone a couple months ago. From the time it arrived, it kept powering off - even when the battery was fully-charged. Sometimes it would stay on for a few hours; sometimes it would make it a day. Sometimes it wouldn't even make it half an hour. It did it even when it was plugged in. Dud, I figured. It happens sometimes... understandable. But since it was brand new, and since it seemed like a waste to throw away a brand new phone, I went ahead and contacted Samsung email support. The hoops they made me jump through to diagnose my $15 phone were ridiculous. Then, when they finally agreed that it was a legitimate problem, they told me that I had to call the support line to create a repair ticket. An hour-long call and lots of rehashing later, I had my RMA info. Sent in the phone... waited a couple weeks... finally got it back... and it still has the same problem! What a waste of time. As much as I like the simplicity of this phone, I'm not going to waste another $15 on a new one. Guess I'll find a new brand.Good simple phone for grand mom. Long lasting battery. Just plug in the existing AT&T sim card and it works perfect.Thank youVery easy to use for basic text and talkIve found this phones qualty to be exelent . could use louder ring tone volum.I do like the clarity and brightness very easy to read.and being a clam shell I dont axidently push buttons witch is a aluss for me very sadisfiide with itJust what I needed........I love it.This is a nice little phone, but unfortunately AT&T says it was not scanned properly and it cannot be activated, so it is useless to me.I bought 2 of these. I have a full upgrade account w Att. It wasnt time for upgrade. Done exactly what it says. Both work fine.this go phone is suitable for me, a person has not too much phones. i think this phone is good for the people who just need a phone for emergency.Really its worth for the money. Working perfectly with my At&T sim card. And I got a Brand new SIM card too with this.it is what I expected.Inexpensive and works.I purchased this as an emergency phone to keep in the car while traveling, and for use on a pay-as-you go phone plan. It is inexpensive, has all of the basic functions, and works well. Compact, good battery life, good sound quality, sensitive. A good choice for basic use.its easy to use, practical and sound is clear, keyboard is clear and not too small or crowded, a good and practical phone. EBif you're looking for a phone without all the bells and whistles. something that's dead simple, then this is the phone for you.The one that I expected.Not difficult to learn the menu system. I'm a person don't know much about technology. This phone have everything I need.Bought this for my in-law. This phone lasts forever on a single charge! I wished current fancy smartphones can do that!Totally good for people who just needs to call, especially for the people who doesn't text, browse internet, and like talking on the phone a lot.good for what I need it forNice phoneThe Samsung Phone works great in lowering my cell phone bill. I just need a phone that wasn't a smart phone. Thx againit is way cheper than any of the others,,And has all i need in a phone.and it is easy to useKeeping it simplework perfectly out of the boxes. everything i expected them to be. works well with existing at&t customers and accounts.It was okay while it lasted. I lost it hah! I used it to replace my broken phone temporarily. If you like bad reception/dropped calls, this is the phone for you. It's not a smart phone for sure and the keypad is kind of cheesy. Cheap grade material, the back is like thick paper or thin plastic texture...comes off from time to time. Doesn't butt dial and it's super light weight. It is most definitely an old school 1990s phone. Not great, not super super bad, just mediocre. Again, it's a good temp phone.The phone broke within the first month of using it , I don't recommend it to anyone because I barely used itI am well pleased with the performance I am able to adapt it to my needs and my ATT program.very Good phoneFor a cheap no frills phone ,it works well enough and I like the flip but no camera.and my sims card did work but didn't show my contacts after inserting.Phone quit working after a short period of time, not even worth a being a short-term phone. had to buy another/different phoneWe have not as yet activated it - wish the key pad numbers were a little larger - will get back to you on this - I must be the only one on the planet without a cell phoneGEE it seems simple enough............Just wish the keypad numbers were larger (the old eyes don't you know) Also hard to understand how to get different ring tone sounds......Really lets you know how much money you have left....nice efficient little cell phone.At this time and age, this phone is not practical. It seems I paid too much! But it works and it was new.The A157 is a good basic phone for prepaid service if you don't want all the extra features on many phones/smartphones. Simple, easy to use and affordable pay by the minute service saves me about $600 per year for two phones used.Not as expectedMeets expectations...in case if somebody does not want to use an i-phone....this could be an ideal set...try it out..otherwise it is just to receive and make callsI purchased this phone because it was supposed to be $25 per month for 250 minutes with no contract. A week ago, before my month was up, my call was abruptly cut off because I needed to pay for a new month. So I thought maybe I'd used more than 250 minutes so I paid for another month. Three days later I tried to check my messages and was told "this call was not allowed". I thought it was a glitch in my phone's address book, but then I had people tell me they tried to call me and weren't allowed. Turns out AT&T wanted another $25 to continue service, so 25 bucks a month turned into 25 bucks a week. Do yourself a favor and get a real cellphone. It does make a great bedside clock though.VERY CHEAPLY MADE PHONE. Very poor quality. Good thing I RARELY use this phone ...I hope to replace it if I keep this line.The phone does not work properly. It shuts off every second for no reason. It does not hold a chargeVery basic no frills phone. It's an okay phone if you just want to make calls. Functions not intuitive, takes greeting used to.Good for the price. Lost my original phone and had to wait for 5 weeks but was happy to buy.This phone doesn't feel as cheap as the a107, and it has a decent design. What is the point of having 3g if you can't take advantage of it? The included browser is horrible. It does not render HTML and it is only passable with sites that are designed for WAP. I wanted to install Opera Mini, but it seems impossible to install non appcenter applications. If you try to download any java application, you'll get an error "Object not supported." It also can't be synced to a computer. The speaker is very quiet, even on max volume. If you're in an area with noise, you likely will not hear this phone ring. But for only 20$ you get what you pay for and this is worth the money if you need a very basic phone to talk and text.This product (unit) failed. The unit functioned for a while, but one night about two am, I heard a noise. On examination, the unit had turned off. I powered up, but the unit immediately powered down. Now the unit doesn't even power up at all. maybe I got a BAD unit, but I "lost" $19.99 on this unit. The Amazon policy for replacement period is WAY TOO SHORT.The phone came quickly and was well packaged. However, after I bought a $25 card to add minutes to it, the phone would not work--no calls could come in or go out. I called AT&T, they traced the phone and said it had been "obtained" at Best Buy and had never gone through the "buy process". So, it could not be activated..ever. I went to Walmart, bought the exact same phone for $1. more and they used the SIM chip I had bought with the $25 minutes on it. That phone was properly activated and works. I returned the phone to Amazon and am still waiting for a response. I have good faith Amazon will refund my money and contact seller that the phone they sold me may truly have been stolen or removed form Best Buy without a purchase. The lesson is, do not buy things like this on line without understanding all the potential problems.I wanted an unlocked phone to use overseas and it did not workAfter a week use it kept losing signalI recently broke the screen of my Samsung a107 go phone and decided to replace it with the newer version, the a157. I am returning it and getting another of the older a107 because of far superior quality. The a157 has horrible (a lot of times, nonexistent) reception and pathetic battery life. I live in rural Alaska and need both good reception and battery life in a phone. Today I left the house with 2 bars of battery life and 4 hours later (after the phone had done nothing but sit in my pocket) I found it had turned itself off due to low battery and I was unable to make even a quick call. My husband also has the older a107 and when we are standing right next to each other he will have 3 bars of reception while I (with the newer a157) have none. If you want a simple phone to rely on, especially in case of emergency, I would NOT recommend the a157. Come on, Samsung! In three years I would hope you could develop a phone at least as good as the old one (better would be nice!) In short, newer is not better--do not buy this phone.Couldn't get it activated, total loss!this phone could not be used where I live, as at&t does not service this area. This was not made available before purchase. Had they done so I would not have wasted 1/2 a day trying to make iy work then calling the company only to find no service was available in my area.I got this phone for my mom who lives abroad, but needs a phone when she visits me. Prepaid phone is so convenient, this phone is so slim, and easy to use. If you are looking for the basic function of calling and texting, this is perfect.Mickey Mouse phone. Yuck!I activated the phone about 1 month ago, but did not put funds on it right away & went on vacation. Came back and tried to finish the activation process, only to receive network errors. Called AT&T Customer Service & they would not let me re-activate the phone b/c they said I needed to buy a new SIM card b/c I did not put funds on the phone 1 month ago. Kind of a random experience that most other customers probably will not encounter. Still, I hate it when companies find sleezy ways to get you to spend more cash for a problem that would likely be very easy to resolve on their end with the flick of a switch. Further, while the plans are very reasonably priced, I found out you have to continually put more money on the phone, otherwise your minutes expire (even for the $2/day "only when used" plan). I am told you need to add a minimum of $10 each month, so your prior minutes roll over. I was disappointed upon finding this out b/c I would have liked to have just put a small balance on this phone & leave it in my car to use for emergencies only, or for when I am traveling out of town, & not having to worry about the minutes expiring.this phone sucks key are hard to press i grabbed it because it was a cheep phone and i didn't have any money to spend don't buy this phone!Had a hard to time to charge it up, now it is blank not working at all, had to switch phone, need to ship it back.This phone is not intuitive to operate, you have to read the instructions which only cover the basic operations. I would not consider this a " smart" phone. Second, AT&T has not worked out the bugs for activation. The phone did not show the advertised screen when initially turned on so i could not start the automatic activation. Instead I had to go on line to the AT&T website where 90 minutes later, I successfully completed the activation! Choose anything else but not this product.It was ok but you get what you pay for and I wasn't looking to spend a lot of moneyIt's a little misleading in that you really do have a contract of sorts and you will probably buy a lot of minutes that you will end up not using as they expire each month. I think these phones are a better deal for the service provider than the consumer, but you may have utilization behaviors that actually fit well to these types of agreements. I ended up returning the phone as it did not fit the purpose I had intended for it.There is nothing wrong with this phone and it works fine. But I don't think I will get the same phone again.First of all it is not unlocked. Can not even use for at&t , so do not spend money on this. Also phone is not charging well . I have to push hard by connection. Plus point is it is new but no use to me. Not worth of returning.Two days after receivieing it it went stright in the crash tan! The phone is useless, The battery willnot hold chargeI'm no whiz at computers or cell phones: just the basic talk, voice and text messages. But the buttons on the side of this phone are too easy to access: a button gets activated at every hand-grasp, bump, to lay it down, falls, pulled from a pocket, every little movement. Even in a case. This is inteferrs with use.I wanted a cell phone plan that cost per minute use. The ATT plan with this phone is NOT what it seems. I gave ATT $50 in June 2013 and as my wife left, she got instructions to return in three months and I did not question, but returned to day to find. Either we pay another $50 for three months,else lose the original $50 which was almost intact. It is a scam. Don't fall for it. $400 per year is hidden and exorbitant. ATT scammed me for $50 and is the last dime they ever get from me.I have been purchasing items from Amazon for a long time, so I'm wondering why anyone would pay $45 for a simple phone that is sold for $12 in stores? I bought my Samsung a157 in March 2014 while traveling. I had been using a very old Cingular phone, but I wanted to keep my plan. When I called AT&T, I was told by technical support to just buy any GoPhone and walk into an AT&T store to get the SIM card activated. The rep in the store was able to save all of my contacts and telephone numbers. If I recall, I paid $12.99 in Best Buy and that was over a year ago. Walmart sells many similar phones for about the same price. That's why I am puzzled by the price on Amazon. Does it come with minutes? I kept my monthly plan, so I didn't buy any prepaid minutes. In any case, this phone is very basic and has no camera, which is fine with me. It does have internet (not WiFi, must have data) and texting, but it would take all day to send a text, since it's not a querty keyboard. I asked AT&T to block the internet connection, because I kept hitting the wrong key, the "world" in the center, and was charged for data. I only use this phone to make & receive calls and when I need an extra alarm clock. It's been a year and the battery is starting to lose its charge very quickly, but for $12 bucks, I'll just buy a new one, although I'm thinking of upgrading to a smartphone. One negative thing is that it's next to impossible to see the screen in sunlight, but I like the phone a lot. I've dropped it a few times and it still works. By the way, there are newer versions of this phone.This is a very nice phone, especially for the price. I picked it up on a whim for $20 from Go-Phone section in Wally-world, simply because my prior flip phone's screen went dead. The only feature I would have liked to have that not on here is the front display. Has nice and loud speaker. I use this phone primarily when doing conference calls. It's a simple, no frills, phone that is dependable and clear. The battery last forever it seems. I only charge this phone about every 4-5 days of regular use. May every couple days when having long conference calls. This was my primary voice call phone for nearly 2 years. I have a Note II that I use with Straight Talk. Often times I find myself pulling the sim out of the Note II and putting it into this flip phone just because I prefer it for making and taking calls. Plus it saves the battery on my Note II for web and email functions. This is also a great back up phone for when your primary phones battery is dead or nearly dead. I place my sim card in this phone and keep my Note on wi-fi when at my home or planning to be in a wi-fi location for a while. I did lose the back cover to my phone and have been considering buying another just so I don't have to talk in public showing my taped in battery... lol.. Really a great phone that has served me amazingly over the past couple years.Nice phone owned it for awhile miss it, Its light and simple, low profile. but it does not take drops. It fell off my table in hospital and the corner hinge of phone where wires are is totally exposed in one drop. Either way I cant recc'd paying so much for this phone it used to be 20 bucks when new on mkt. My go phone was replaced for free by new system (our second phone) and even tho' the new one looks heavier and has camera sadly I must admit it wears much much better.I bought this phone to replace all my phones I had att fusion 2 , samsung galaxy appeal , pantech limk 2, and all of them sucked! Im so done with expensive phones.yes this naybe cheap looking phone! But whats great about it the battery life , phone calls, texting! This is the best phone I have , so if your not one if those techy person who loves smartphones then this it for you! I dont care wat other people say about my phone as long it works great and reliable! Anyways I have a laptop, samsung tab 2 so why buy a expensive phone which dies very fast! Im telling you dont buy smartphone dont waste money just because everyone else has one! Smartphone sucks and also the battery life!This is, hands down, the best phone I have ever owned. I bought mine back in 2012 (for $14.99 at a Radio Shack...) while I worked at a facility that didn't allow cameras, and have had it knocking around my home ever since. The phone still works, and I have recently switched back to it as my primary phone (The Note 4 was nice, but checking my Facebook 400 times/day was unnecessary and distracting). Between the excellent battery life, good call quality, and that satisfying noise when I click it shut, I don't see any reason to use another phone.If you want a cheap pocket phone it's OK to have. I don't call much & I put it on AT&T's .10/minute plan. You can use it for messaging & data but "be careful" operating it or you'll wind up getting data & messaging. It's approx. 3 3/4 long x 1 3/4 wide. Black in color, with nothing on the outside to look at,I like that. I'm still training the battery & getting another battery will be awkward to find. So far no problems & the price is right. an addition; call quality is terrible, I have to put my finger in my other ear to hear who is calling me, boy was I surprised. Maybe I received a bad phone, who knows, so I'm back looking for a better Go Phone, one that I'll hear who's calling me. I don't bother using this small screen for anything else, I will say the battery is fantastic but I haven't found another battery that I know is made for this phone since using the numbers brings up other phones as well. Oh well $15. for a little phone in my pocket, what the hey. Choice is yours (be careful).OK A PHONE THAT IS A SIMPLE PHONE (no camera ) but I bought one to replace my ATT Nokia ,it is light / slim ..only thing back cover paper thin becarefull , but other wise its a great deal for the Buck ,, pick a plan that suits your needs and GO PHONE without paying a lot !!I used this phone as a spare and for emergencies. It lasted for about 3 months, then just died. It doesn't charge at all. I'm not sure if I have a defective battery or unit. I called Samsung and cannot get a replacement. It's a dud. I'm very disappointed which is sad because other Samsung products I have owned have been reliable.inexpensive - works fine - often just leave it in the carSimple, long battery life, prestigious, filip phone.The screen is small, but displays everything clearly. And I kind of like the keypad. Though I'll switch to a phone with a camera and bluetooth later, this one is good for a short time of use.. Y(^o^)YThe same identical phone is selling at Walmart for $19.88!! The phone works great. Used to replace broken AT&T phone.I've had this phone for quite a while. Every thing is good. I love my phone and your service. ThanksSamsung a157 GoPhone (AT&T)IF A SIM CARD COMES WITH THE PHONE WHY DO PEOPLE BUY A PREPAID SIM CARD. CONFUSED. I UNDERSTAND BUYING MINUTES/// WHAT DOES A PREPAID SIM CARD GET ME? DIALTONE????? DO UNUSED MINUTES ROLL OVER OR DO THEY EXPIRE? LOOKING FOR A PLAN WHERE I PAY ONLY FOR MINUTES USED AND NO EXPIRATION ON UNUSED MINUTESNot only did I purchase the phone, but I also purchased the charger! SCORE. This phone is probably the most beautiful piece of electroniks I ever purchased. It even doubles as a hair roller!!! Imagine the waves I got from my BRAND NEW GO PHONE!!!!! DOUBLE SCORE. I will start from day one. I opened the box and out of the box this magic appeared. This beautiful, black beauty. One of the popular jocks at school saw me texting on this beaut on day two, and he DUMPED his cheerleader girlfriend for me. Within HOURS all the kids at school wanted to know where I bought my AMAZING GoPhone! The nerds had bought them by day three and re-wired them to hook into the announcement podium. You could only imagine the fun we had on day four. We yelled at teachers and talked about how stupid Stacy Deen's hair looked when she attempted to make "GoPhone Waves" (Patent Pending.) By day five I was the most popular girl in my high school and everybody had GoPhones. I recently dip-dyed mine in pure gold so it would stand out from everybody else's. It only sometimes works now, but TOTES WORTH IT!!!!! Today is day ten, and I can never repay Samsung on how popular the a157 GoPhone made me! I know I will never amount to anything after high school, but at least everybody's talking about me (and my hair) right now! THANKS GOPHONE!Does it come with a sim card? It says it in the description but people are saying they had to put their own in.Bestbuy said it would and i just tried and get SIM NOT ALLOWED error! It's useless for me as i was just upgrading a basic phone that i used for Prepaid service.It's a trip back in time from my perspective or back about 12 years ago when cell phones were starting to evolve into limited multi capabilities. I got this phone for emergency backup to my main Smartphone (Galaxy Note II) and it's been a task in attempting to remember all the old functions and navigation from the early cell phone days. Having to actually read the manual to discover the myriad functions I clumsily got through the various set ups to include voice mail, making calls, sending texts, building the address book with current contacts and that sort of thing which is second nature easy on the modern device. A word of caution: One can easily insert the Sim card backwards as I did on my initial attempt. Going back, I re-placed it with the notch in the card matching the notch on the inner lining of the phone itself. Had I carefully read the instructions, I would have known this but haste made for frustration. The same could be said for setting up the phone with the basic functions so a word to the wise there. The call quality is very good and once back up to 'old speed', the various navigation movements can be done with minimal drama. I plan on carrying the a157 fulltime in my main vehicle along with the appropriate mobile charger for those times I might forget taking my Note II with me OR when one of the phones is outside its calling zone. The a157 is AT&T while my other phone is with Sprint. I elected to bite the bullet and take the 10cents a call package, paying the $100 for a full year so I wouldn't have to renew the thing every few months or so. AT&T dings you for EVERYTHING on this unit! Checking voice mail? Ding. Setting up voice mail? Ding. It does provide a current standing after every usage as to where you stand with the financials so that's somewhat helpful. Summing up, it's an okay phone and if what you want or need is the basic stuff or, like me, a seldom used backup, I think you'll be okay with it too.I ordered this being I never use a cell... seldon need one but my landline needs a new box so being it was going to take over a week to fix I ordered the phone. It's simple to use.. unlike the smartphone. I believe it's great for ones who don't need the extra details that smarphones carry. It has many features like texting, net and calender... not sure of what it all has. The sim card that comes with it doen't work to let you send or recieve calls, you need to go to the AT&T store for the sim card for the number you will get (only for new cell phone users) The cost was 25.00... or if you have a sim card from another phone that can be used. Wanted one that would close ... that was another plus for I never carry a purse. It has an easy to carry plug-in or recharging... another plus... I ordered another phone and it came but the keys are too small as is the text... it's more like an I-phone... wished I had kept this one.I wish I would have thought about Amazon before I purchased a cell phone. DO NOT BUY THEM FROM THE CELL PHONE COMPANIES... believe me you are paying too much. We are retired and cell phones are not used much -- a nice part of older age. Prepaid service has saved up about $700 a year. This prepaid design is the one you want to buy and it is easy to take your "sim" card out of the old one and put in this new one. Very little opportunity to screw up. The phone buttons are set up best for pre paid...I bought this to leave in my truck in case of emergencies. Overall, I'm very pleased with it. Programming a few contacts (Insurance, immediate family, supervisor, and sheriff's office) was quick and easy. Adding minutes was simple and only took a couple of minutes ... mostly because I stalled thinking it must have been more difficult. The only issue I have with this phone is that if you press the middle AT&T logo button it starts to connect to the web (although it warns me first). My issue with that is I can't change the default setting to something more useful (or disable it). That is a really trivial point, so no star lost.I just needed a simple phone for my son. I didn't want him to go to web and incrue a big bill and if he happenes to push the web button inadvertently,this phone shows a warning message. Many other phones usually just let you go to web and charge you later. So I like that a lot about this phone. It is also very simple to control the volume. I can hear him very well,too, and the batteries last very very long.It has many good ringtones. over all this is a great phone for calls and text messages.My husband loves this phone, used them for years. But I find out after experiencing problems with the charging port that they stopped making these phones in 2013, so they are sitting on the shelf. So you are getting an old phone when you purchase this phone and more than likely, they have a problem. Now we are stuck with this phone, I am very disappointed with the supplier.Very compact yet capable no-contract phone. Minimum usage cost is $25/3 months. Any unused minutes carry over if you renew again for an additional 3 months. GO SIM card is included with purchase (that wasn't stated in description and I wasted $6 on ordering another, which was useless since it can only be used for initial activation.) Recommended for those who only need service for occasional use. Used recently in New York City for voice and text and always got a connection.I bought the phone for visiting in-laws. Since they are only going to be here for about 4 months, go phone is a natural choice. The phone does everything it suppose to do: easy to activate, good voice quality, working text messages, good battery. It size makes carrying it in pocket quite convenient. It's a perfect phone for those who does not need the fancy features of smart phones and have decent AT&T coverageThe only Con is the address book is impossible to use. It imported a lot of contacts incorrectly off my sim card (was using Razr before). Otherwise, I love that is asks before connecting to data (because I never want it to), holds a charge for days and is CHEAP!The best phone is an AT&T Go phone, it's the best network, and it's for just one thing, making a cell phone call anywhere in the USA. I am now part of the mature business generation that uses TWO phones --- a fully capable new smart phone and a cell phone for just doing ONE thing very well = making and receiving cell phone calls.Had to return couldnt useI bought this phone to replace my old one. My old phone would not work in front of Walmart or in it any more. I was asking my self why is every one else talking and texting and I can't even get two bars of signal. Reason my phone is so old. I get very good signal with this new phone where ever I go. I like that the phone has a larger number pad. The phone doesn't have a camera in it. I am a little disappointed. My phone came all most fully charged (30 min to charge it) You can make your own ring tones with the mp3 recorder built in the phone. You can set reminders with the built alarm clock Very use full. There's a lot of extras that I will never use. Please don't ask me how but you can change the cell tower address. I left this feature alone because it is working fine but in the future if need be you can make the adjustments. The other feature I wish it had is a way to send your photos from your computer to your phone to use as wall paper. Over all I would recommend this phone to any one.The phone was new & what was expected. Works fine. Good back-up no-frills phone. Bought originally for $14.00 through amazon, stay away from newer sellers and their $55.00 + prices (This is ridiculous). Check Walmart first!It's a good little phone...more than I expected. Reviews said it was a plain Jane phone with no added features. It has more than I wanted but the price was great and it's a new in package phone. Took it to the Chat Cat store and they set me up with the minimum 10 cents a minute program because it's just an emergency phone. Very good value!I got this as a backup phone just in case mine ever breaks or I go out of the country. Battery lasts forever. I like that it doesn't have a camera or other fancy frills.Keeping in mind that this phone is REALLY CHEAP and there's no contract, it's great. Absolutely no frills, but at least it runs on 3G for enhanced nationwide coverage and uses microUSB for charging which all modern devices use. I activated one of these for my uncle. He doesn't want a camera, he doesn't take it with him all the time, and it will be used sparingly. I set it up on the $25 every 90 days auto pay plan and it's 10 cents a minute. That's 250 minutes every 90 days which is way more than he'll ever use, plus it all carries over. The auto pay adds minutes 2 days before the expiration date so you never have to worry. That's less than $10 a month, tax included.. Can you say.. Bargain? This phone does not have an external caller ID display - so you'll have to flip it open first to see who is calling - but if you're like my uncle, it's mainly for him to call out so he really could care less.Really good ,simple, basic, easy to use phone I use it to recieve and make calls and recieve messages it is great for that, I'm on the 10 cent per minute plan, this is my only phone nowI purchased this phone to use with Airvoice's $10 per month plan and have no problems or complaints after a few months of use. You can use this on AT&T's prepaid plan or use any other prepaid carrier that uses AT&T's network (Airvoice and H2O Wireless for example).I got this phone for my dad because he can't get anything too fancy. It was super affordable and does what it needs to. Nothing fancy.Yo- Good reception - nice and loud and clear - just what I was looking for-eh!!Had an issue with the SIM card, however after calling customer service they stated it was either an old or corrupted SIM card. They got the phone working.Bought this one for my travels in the US and am very happy with it. Can communicate at very low cost ($ 2 a day unlimited including internet) but would like it to have a longer validity for my credits (only 90 days). Still a very good value for my money...I got this mobile as a replacement for another unlocked phone, since I did not want to take a new upgrade right now. To attend phone calls and use as a spare phone, this is the best you can find. Better than the other flip model sold by samsung which a few of my friends complain of having signal reception issues. Overall a good buy for a cheap phoneworked out well for us, it was complete when it arrived and it is just what we were looking for. We do not use cell phones except in and emergencies and we use little if any data. This phone replaced a phone that is at least 12-15 years old.I needed a replacement for my old GO Phone. This works great and was cheap! Much better reception then my old phone. I did not need all the garbage on the newer phones.This is super cheap but it does what it is supposed to do at a very affordable price. I'm happy with it.This phone is exactly what I wanted/needed. The screen is easy to read, the keys are large enough for my old fingers, and it even fit into my old phone case! If you are looking for a nice, basic phone at a great price, this is it. JGIf you need a phone without a camera, this is one of the better ones still available. Don't expect to be able to find apps for it though.the only phone my boyfriend will use...I don't know why.Worked great for a simple phone. Bought to take to the cabin we only get at&t service up there.Over-all a good cellphone for a 10 year kid! Though it lacks camera and storage options.. but it should be good for safety/emergency use for kids to teach them how to properly own an use a cellphone.. before you upgrade to more expensive ones!Went to ATT Store for new SIM card (free) and activation. Easy. Phone is better than described, fast delivery, in great condition, works perfectly. Will be back to this seller if I need another cell phone.Affordable and a terrific basic phone for practical people who just want to keep in touch. ATT was also helpful setting up account. Thank You.Good work phone. Exactly as expected and reasonable price. Can't go wrong with a simple Samsung phone.My dad needed a simple flip phone with no bells or whistles. This is it. Easy to use and because it's a flip phone, buttons do not get pressed accidentally.Great product and service.The phone still had someone's personal information on it, I did a master reset to remove it all, but it works great as advertised...This is exactly what my dad wanted, he is old school. He likes the small, slim, flip style (almost a dinosouar by today's means) with a speaker and the buttons are just right too.Phone work great...Can't beat the price,and the AT&T company is great to deal with. My opinion is to buy what ever you want for a phone, but just go with the AT&T company. You'll be glad you did!good phone for only talkingthis phone works well its very basic and i never had issues with it. great product. thanks so much :)This is an awesome phone to have if you don't want a smartphone (either because you have the iPad/Surface or that kind of tablets, or you are fed up of constantly charging your phones due to their battery hog, etc). This phone is great for making/receiving calls, and also has features like FM Radio, and other useful tools. Its loud enough to wake me up and notify me of incoming calls. And best of all - its sleek and good looking that I am starting to go back to the old fashioned world of having a phone that's designed for its prime use - PHONE CALLS!!I wanted a phone with no bells and whistles just for talking. I do not even use its text feature. I needed 3G so as to connect with my at&t Micro-cell range extender.The perfect solution to exactly what I wanted.This is a nice phone for anyone who is not very "techie" like me. I use it mainly for texting. I would recommend it to anyone who just wants a simple cell phone without all the bells and whistles.I like the pay as you go, too. No contracts to deal with.I like my simple phone. I wish it had an exterior display, so I don't have to open it ever time I get a call, but otherwise it has good reception and works well.I just wanted a simple flip phone for my mom, easy to use to replace the old phone she has. I am not hi tech or mechanical knowledgeable so I defer to my brother, but so far he hasn't been able to figure out how to make it work for my mom yet. According to the review and instruction, it should be very straightforward, you just switch the sim card. I can't say that it doesn't work because we really haven't tried hard to figure out. Apparently it's not that simple. As far as the seller, no complain, on time delivery, good packaging.I needed a phone that didn't require a data plan. $$ I put my SIM card in it. The battery lasts days with use.If you want a simple phone, just for calling, this should be great for you. There is also the possibility for Internet browsing, but it's really simple so most part of the web pages don't show correctly.Excellent phone for basic use. Battery life, call quality and build is great. No Bluetooth but, for the price it's a good buy.It arrived exactly as was stated, a throw away phone, It does it's job as I wanted it to. Has a variety of ringers and charges quickly. It has very good sound and must say for the money, a very advanced phone, many more features than what I bought for 3 times the money just a few years back. Would recommend this phone to anyone that does need all the Bells and Whistles that come with Smarter phones, it's phone .works greatThat there is not a camera attached to this phone. Its fine, no biggie, it is just a basic phone, but I wish I had realized it didn't have the camera.I got this for my dad, the phone is super basic/ simple to use. He likes it, i feel it was a good buy.Good deal!I buy these for my son who can't keep up with his phone. With AT&T we just go get a new SIM card and he is back up and running.Very good phone to have as a standby unit. Has very looooonnngggg battery life. Charge and forget it for a week :)Useful for the short time I needed it, but it's an old model.I bought this phone to replace a contract phone that broke. All that is needed is to replace the SIM card and it work perfectly with my plan. I use the phone just for talking so I have no comments on texting, data, etc.I don't ask for much with a cheap prepaid phone like this. It does everything that it needs. I'm satisfied.My previous go-phone quit ringing, so I needed a replacement phone. Works perfectly for what I need, since I have minutes remaining in my plan.Basic Phone. ReliableLike these old phone very reliableUMTS is not working and It got locked on AT & T But it was worth the priceworks fine for cheap phoneMy nephew broke his phone and we just needed a cheap new phone for him to use. This phone does the job.Good backup. 10 cents a minute.I loved the style of this phone but the volume was not loud enough even when I turned it alll the way up I also could not hear the text messages I gotThis phone charges for a whole call even if no one answers on the other end. But get emergency phone and value for money.Works good and it's inexpensive.excellentRecived the order one day after ordering, Excellent Barry GoodkinBought as a replacement phone for prepaid. Easy to use and compact enough to put in a tight pocket.. Good buy for the price.Works great glad I found it.I like this phone and it is very simple with basic. It came a day late of seller's promised which was not a big deal to me. It is not too expensive.Dropped the last flip phone and it never rang again. This is not the same unit has different features but it rings well.this is a great replacement phone easy to use and very handy when you need an extra phone, Thank you Mary EvansIt's easy to use.With just the basic features, the Samsung does exactly what a phone is supposed to do - receives and send calls clearly, with enough volume, and inexpensively.Long battery fife, and enough built in aps, make this phone very productive. I recommend this phone to anyone just needing basic services.Wonderful basic phone just for texting, sending and receiving phone calls. Love this phone! Good investment. Can see using this phone for several years.The phone is great but I hate the packaging. So hard to open! However I am enjoying using it so much.It is ok and it does what I need it for so I am happy with it, I only use cell phone for important things or emergency.Does the trick.Easy to activate and use.Phone gets hot while charging. It will not sustain a charge. If the phone is dropped all info is lost. Calls are dropped mid-call. Its an awful piece of equipment I've paid for.Product has already ceased to operate. It will not come on gives error and goes right back off. The unit while low in price is evidently low in quality as well.Nothing special about this phone, simple old school phone! Good for people who only want to make phone calls. I would not recommend if you like texting and internet.I don't text or use a data plan. I refuse to pay for those things. I just need a phone for calls. My phone was toast and ATT tried to get me to spend a minimum of $100 to replace it. Along came this phone, put in my old sim card and I was good to go. Granted its cheap and looks and feels like it, but it does what I need it to do.The phone frequently powers off and will not turn on again. It gets stuck in the reboot loop and I need to pull the battery any time I need to make a call. Should be fine if I need to call my folks, but not helpful at all if I needed to make an emergency call.I charged the battery for 18 hours and nothing happened. Returned the phone asap as it appears to be to fragile to last very long.Bought this for an emergency occasional use phone. The phone seemed fine for it's limited purpose until it simply died and would no longer take a charge after only about two weeks. Now it's an attractive paper weight. Next time I think I'll spend a little more for something that will actually work.This is a cheap phone that does the job. Texting is tedious, of course, but for the price, hey!! .The phone does it's just, but it doesn't have a camera. maybe this was obvious, but I personally didn't realize that before ordering it.Its a very good phone for the price. Cheap and affordable. The reception is fairly well and the clarity as well.I've owned so many cell phones over the decades. Motorola Sony Nokia Pantec Apple and this my first Samsung. What a waste of my time and money. It's cheap granted which is why I bought it but no matter how cheap it has to actually work which two of these did not. Just glad Amazin makes returns easy because they both went back as these phones are not worth even fifteen bucks. They both dropped calls repeatedly. They both missed calls repeatedly. They both had wimpy and weird sounds for ring tones. Suppose it's a good thing to not hear the phone when it did ring as the different tones to choose from in the phone were so weird sounding and none of the choices were anything resembling what you'd associate with a phone ringing. The build was creaky flimsy plasticky and LCD screens were washed out dimly lit hard to see in low light and impossible to read in sunlight. Bottom line as note to self: Never buy a Samsung it's cheap and unreliable. Go ahead and spend a bit more and actually get a phone that works.Replacement for the same type phone needed for calls and occasional messages. Good basic sound quality. Needed to be reprogramed with SIM card as it would not work with our family plan. ATT was very helpful and it only took a few minutes to fix problem.BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY MOMSO THAT WE COULD PLACE A SIMS CARD IN IT AND THAT WORKED GREAT. THE ONLY THING SHE DIDNOT LIKE WAS THAT THE SCREEN/TEXT WAS SO SMALL BUT SHE MAINLY USES JUST FOR CALLING SO THAT PART WORKS OKAY.This phone wont even hold a charge when not using it. We tried another battery and had the same problem. Came to the conclusion it is the phone not the battery that is the problem.OK phone.I ordered this phone for my brother. He's not very saavy when it comes to technology. He's pretty much a call and receive calls kinda guy. His other phone cracked and I found this one to replace his old phone. However, it did not contain a sim card.too priceyYeah, see I thought/hoped that the "expiration dates" the description refers to was specific to the refill cards. Evidently not. All I wanted was a minimalist phone that I could use in case of emergencies and only pay for the minutes I use when I use them. UH NO. You'll pay $15 for the minimum amount of minutes. You'll use maybe 1 or 2 of those for the entirety of the month and then be forced to make a decision. Do I renew and spend another $15 on minutes I almost certainly will never use and waste money, OR do I NOT renew, have the rest of that $15 worth of minutes taken away from me and STILL waste money? To put an expiration date on minutes is downright despicable. I shouldn't be forced to babysit a cell phone account and nurse it with flashes of my bank information just so AT&T doesn't go, "You've got a tidy little sum of money on this account from all those $15 refill cards every month, huh? Oh! What's this? You haven't added $15 in 30 days? I guess I'll just have to TAKE all of that money. That'll teach ya for not signing an Unlimited Contract with us ya little s***." Bought it. Opened it. Turned it on. Read the fine print. Went in the garbage.I got this as a cheap, basic talk only phone for my son, who promptly set a phone lock password and then forgot it. This bricks the phone. There's no way to reset it. Fortunately AT&T agreed this was a defect and replaced it, but it's a lousy design. Other than that, it does what it says it does.Never worked right and we just trashed it. There has got to be a better alternative. Just a fluke for Samsung.AT&T took me for a major ride on this one. The phone never worked properly and they kept on billing me forever.Switching back to ATT - Verizon does not deliver the bars it advertised ... ONE bar in my home ... 2-3 bars elsewhere. When my minutes run out ... I am back to ATT - 5 bars in my home. Phone service is no good (Verizon) if you can't send or receive. PS Sprint is shutting down stores and laying off hundreds of workers - I am on a boycott rant.This phone was unlocked but no gsm, that is the reason It did not like me.This was the perfect gift for my mom who only will need limited access to a cell phone when away from home. Easy to read display and numbers big enough for her finger dexterity. Good budget price.What's this nonsenseit has no photo taking...its real nice but directions to activate it is confusing...its nice for a kid not an adult.This phone is very poor software. When saving a contact the menu hangs there saying "saving..." I have to hit the end key to go back to the home screen then go back into the address book to add a new entry. Then when saving, it hangs again. Always! I had to call AT&T to figure out why my dads SIM card wouldn't work with this phone. Apparently you can't just use your old sim card. You have to call AT&T on a landline phone, then have them transfer your number and balance to the new sim card because the new sim card that came with the phone is the only sim card that will work with that phone. I think that is a new implementation they set up. The menu won't work in the software update menu. You can't select "continue update" even though when you first start the update it hangs and does nothing. THen it tells you (IF you can access the damn menu) that you have to wait 24 hours to recheck to update the phone.) The ringtones are horrible, there are only 2 decent ringtones on the phone. One is an old fashioned telephone ring and the other is a nice ringtone that sort of sounds like a digital telephone ring. What a joke this phone is! Do NOT buy this phone unless you don't need to add contacts (ha right) or update the phone software. Samsung really let me down this time. I've used many samsung phones over the years, mostly cheap to midgrade flip phones or sliders. This phone is awful! Don't waste your money!No Bluetooth. Yep. I'm not supposed to be surprised--after all you get what you pay blah blah. DRAT! A phone without bluetooth????? Doh.GoodgoI ORDERED A SAMSUNG a157 which was suppose to be new instead I got a Samsung a107 which was stretched up and broke on the side very disppointed that this seller would send me a item that I didnt order and on top of that it was just thrown in a postal bag with a phone a charger and a book nothing to protect the phoneI bought this phone to be a simple, easy to use phone to replace a slider with a menu that was difficult to navigate. You don't have to use the SIM card for the prepaid plan that comes in the package. I just took the old SIM card out of the old cell phone and put it into this new phone, and that was all it took to switch the service for the old cell phone number to this phone. Something awesome that discovered is that is phone changes on a standard microUSB cable, so if you already have a Kindle charger, it will work for this phone also! It was very easy to add items to the "Go To" menu for quick access to make it silent and to check voicemail. The only thing I don't like about this phone is that it doesn't have a screen on the outside. When a call comes in, you have to open the phone to see who is calling. Not much of an issue for me. It does have a default setting that when you open the phone during an incoming call, you can choose to answer or decline the call. It does not automatically answer when you open it. Nice compact phone that slides easily into pocket or purse! I have been very happy with it!This phone is totally awesome. It is excellent for text based internet, like Facebook. I totally love the T9Eab function, such that I find it more useful and quicker to use once (once you get used to it). So for, cell phones that have a keyboard, generally I feel that once you get used to T9Eab, you will never want to go back. Additionally, as a bonus with this function, you can add words to the T9Eab vocabulary. It does have a small screen. That can either be a bonus or a bane. For me, personally, it's a bonus. The A157 is also perfect for checking one's email. I use Gmail, and here and there during most days, I use this phone to read my email. Be warned though, there are some features of websites that this phone can't handle, such as buying at amazon.com. If you use Amazon, then I recommend connecting with a computer with a larger screen. Thus, though this phone can't buy via Amazon.com, it would probably not be good enough as a computer to use Amazon's functions anyway, and that is neither plus nor negative. The reason being, size. If you want a small phone, that is well constructed, and has some internet function capabilities, go for this phone! I personally use my phone as an emergency phone, usually paying just $15. I spend $5 for internet, and roughly $9 in emergency calls. That is unbeatable! The one thing I feel that is actually lacking with respect to the A157, is that it can't interface with say a laptop or a desktop to be a source of internet capability. Yet, for $20, I still feel that you really can't beat the price of this phone for the functionality of it.This phone is not authorized to be sold outside of BestBuy and therefore cannot be activated on AT&T network. Whoever sells it scams the consumer. AT&T instructed me to return the phone and buy another one from different seller. TO AMAZON reviewers: By not publishing my review you're helping this seller to scam consumers. The device that is being sold is illegally obtained and cannot operate on AT&T network. I'll submit complain to Better Business Bureau to the fact that AMAZON helps deceive consumersI was looking for a flip phone since my old "candy bar" phone kept butt-dialing and I was wasting minutes. I didn't need anything fancy at the time like a camera, so I was glad to find this at such a low price. However, I am not happy with this phone and AT&T's network. Many times, I'll turn the phone on and I have to turn off and then on again because the network is not available immediately. For me, this is not a good thing at all because I go to night classes and I like to be able to have my phone out in case of an emergency. I often wonder if I'd be able to call out in a hurry should something happen. Because of this uncertainty and the lack of network availability, I'm using up the rest of my balance and then switching to another prepaid provider.I used to have a Samsung Restore through Virgin Mobile, because the plan was cheap and I could text and all that jazz. Anyway, I stopped paying for the service because the call quality suuuucked. I could only get about half of what anyone was saying. So recently I searched around for a nice, cheap phone with a reasonable monthly charge that would get good calls. Found this one and bought it based on the good reviews. And I have to say I'm really glad I did. It has fantastic call quality, and the plans are relatively cheap. I never wanted to pay some like 70 dollar a month plan, which seemed like the only option with AT&T. But this one gets me a 25 a month, which is great. Only complaint--and I expected this with the type of phone I was buying--is that the menu's a bit junky-looking. I can't think of a good way to describe it other than saying that if you think of it in terms of operating systems, the phone's menu looks like Windows 98 when we're living in the days of Windows 7. But certainly entirely useable once you give in and accept the fact that you've still gotten a better phone than you'd normally get for 20 bucks.The phone itself is a really good phone. Yes, it's basic, but at this price, you can't expect a lot of bells and whistles. It's sturdy, it's dependable, and it connects to the 3G network without issue, and I noticed little to no voice distortion. My only complaint is that it's a micro USB headset and those things are impossible to find without paying a lot of money. In fact, I've yet to find one that doesn't cost more than the phone itself. I wish this came with a regular 3.5mm jack instead of the USB port, or that they would have included one with the phone.This was purchased as a replacement phone for my already-existing account (my original phone was over 5 years old). I am really enjoying the Samsung a157. It's stylish, and although it isn't a "Smartphone" with very advanced features, it has far more capabilities than my orignal phone. The quality of sound for voice calls is quite good (both on my end and the caller's end). The display screen is bright and easy to read, even if I'm outdoors in the sunshine. This is important, as I text rather frequently. The battery life is good, too; several days on a charge, even longer if I don't make many actual phone calls.This AT&T GoPhone is about the worst phone I've ever had and the worst buying experience I've had in a very long time. I live in a remote area of the Columbia River Gorge and am blessed with cell phone towers that are not too far away, also I benefit from being up high on a hill. I've had really good reception from all the cell phone carriers that I've chosen for the past 10 years including AT&T. Free phones have been the best deal in the past, even though they came with a one year contract, with far superior quality and reception. Things have certainly changed. I bought this phone through Walmart thinking they have a good return policy on phones. Walmart had major trouble trying to scan this package and it took a supervisor 15 minutes to wrestle with it before I got charged, I felt bad for all the people waiting behind me. So I went home and fully charged the phone as the instructions said and tried to activate the phone. It was really difficult and I spent many hours trying over and over. I finally got the thing activated, new phone # and tested it, but the voicemail did not work. Also, the reception was very poor. It worked for about 2 hours and then suddenly stopped working. I was able to call AT&T but the call went to their security department. Apparently I was being investigated for stealing this phone from Walmart, but they realized that Walmart had failed to scan the phone properly and they told me to return the product to the store and have it rescanned. There was no "I'm sorry, this is not your fault" from AT&T. So today I tried to return the phone to Walmart since it does not work because of their failed scan, I want nothing to do with AT&T and this stupid phone. They told me they could refund the price of the phone (14.95), but the card could not be refunded ($25). Thank goodness I didn't buy the $100 phone card. Problem is I can't use the card without an AT&T phone and I have no intention of doing any business with AT&T. Needless to say, I will not be shopping at Walmart any more.... and this phone is trash, clearly not worth all the trouble.thanksThis phone works very well. In fact when my husban lost his phone I ordered another one. Our sim cards worked right away from our own carrier. Would recommend to any one that needs to replace a phone fast.This phone is crazy cheap and just works. The T9 input system isn't as good as with Sony Ericsson (my previous phone), but again, it's crazy cheap! Good battery life, good sound and reception. If you factor in the price you can upgrade everything to "great".This seems to be a half-hearted effort by AT&T GoPhone to provide a low-end phone option. It is not competitive with similarly priced phones from Tracfone and Verizon, as it doesn't have an external display or camera, and the screen (1.77") is somewhat smaller than the current standard of 2" or greater. It's kind of strange actually to have a flip phone these days with no external display or camera.This is a lovely flip phone with almost all the functionality you could ask for -- except it doesn't have bluetooth. If you have to be hands-free (say, for driving), this phone is not the right tool.Does a great jobI purchased 6 of these for friends the hinge broke exposing wires. Went to return them and they just laughed.I received the equipment, I understand that it is a used equipment, it operates correctly. I think at least they should take the time to clean the equipment since it came very dirty, regardless of the dirt the state is 7 out of 10The phone arrived in good condition. However, upon contacting Sprint, I was informed this phone no longer works on their network. The title indicates it is for use with Sprint. This is apparently no longer true. I feel misled about the use of this phone. Sprint users beware.i order a phone for sprint, they sand me a verizon phone, that i order when i got the phone i took it to sprint and they said it cant be activated so i email the seller and told him it couldnt be activated, so he email me back and said yes he had talked to sprint and they said yes, but they told me no.. and i couldnt return the phone now i spend 90.00 and i am stocked with a phone that is no good to me.i work for the fire dept. and i use my phone everywhere and so far it meets/exceeds my needs....i have dropped it many times and it still does the job,i even spilled on my bike and it went rolling down the street and still worked fine! the only down-fall to the brute is that its a flip phone and eventually that gets worn,other than that i do everything on my phone except use the internet....i have a laptop for that!Phone can not be used on sprint !!!!!!! Worthless!!!Hubby broke his phone. Received this in two days. Dropped in the card and ready to go again! will look for more products from this seller. Phone is like new including box!!-Great flip phone, good size, comfortable grip, rugged and strong, specially in my case, that drop it every now and them and splash resistant. Great seller, very fast delivered.excellent !It worksITS NOT FOR SPRINT!!! SPRINT DOESN'T SUPPORT NEXTEL DEVICES ANYMORE. Would have been nice to know that before hand. They offer returns, but who wants that hassle. Would have been a lot more convenient to knowI want to love this phone because there is a lot to love. But, two things have me very frustrated. The first is that in the picture it did not indicate a carrier- but when I got the phone it is for AT&T and it has a ton of their stuff on there (I am a T-Mobile customer). I cannot send pictures via text and think this is an incompatibility issue with T-Mobile and the phone being programmed for AT&T. As you can probably tell, I'm not a techie. I get nervous when I want to use the navigation app, for example, and it comes up talking about AT&T's data plan. If I use it, am I going to get charged for something even though I have a data plan with T-Mobile since it's an AT&T app? I also have trouble getting my emails, at times, but not always. Don't know what that's about. It will frequently say it is having difficulty getting a Wi-Fi connection- never had this problem with my last cheap (but T-Mobile) phone. I have googled the texting pictures issue and clearly I am not the only one having this issue. However, the "fixes" some techies identified have not worked for me- or some others who were having the same problem. My son also got an unlocked Lumia (710 vs. my 900) and he can't text pics either. He spent hours on the phone with Nokia but they couldn't figure it out. The T-Mobile people gave him a new sim card but said if that didn't work, it's a phone (Nokia) issue not a service issue. His new phone also doesn't get incoming calls (they go straight to v/m) although he gets regular texts and can make calls. Nokia couldn't figure that one out either. My other son, however, got an unlocked Nokia (also a 710) but it has the T-Mobile logo on it- he doesn't have any of these problems. So, now, I don't know if I should return it or keep it. I know I will end up costing me to return it. And it's a beautiful phone in every other way. I really love a lot of it's features. But, I would never buy another unlocked phone unless it has the T-Mobile logo on it (and they seem to be hard to come by. Probably will get harder now that they don't have contract any more). Just be wary...I got my phone on Saturday after reviewing the customer reviews on here, and youtubing the phone demonstrations I couldn't find any issues, of course until after I got it.. I went to tmobile and had my SIM card cut down for free so that was easy. I played with it all weekend and it worked great until I left my house and tried to use my data plan for internet and send pictures.. I went back to tmobile to see if they could set it up for me and they couldn't. the guy said, "oh didn't anyone tell you our 4G data plans don't work on unlocked phones." And handed me back the phone. I of course found out from the tmobile website that they have a code or a series of APN and MMS codes to use, but I tried that and it still didn't work.. So now I'm waiting for my job's IT guy to come back from vacation to figure this out for me.. Other wise I love the phone and I'm just sending pictures if I want to by email. The camera features are great and my wifi connection is pretty fast. I can't think of anything else I've come across other than that.. It's not the end of the world that I can't use my data plan while out and about or get any MMS messages.. I'll survive.. Hopefully my work guy can figure it out and then I'll be completely happy.I've had my phone for about 3 1/2 weeks now, so I think it's time to write a review let me be the first to say I would give this five stars. If I didn't have to deal with as zune application constantly telling me that my phone is not connected so onto the phone review the phone is solid. It's it's a great phone. It's true what they say it does not have this many apps as the Google play store . But before you go and look for another phone from me saying that this phone. The apps that they offer for this phone actually work. They have some really fun games apps that are really useful not just a bunch of apps take up space on your phone. The icons are large to start with, you can make them smaller. If you want you can pen things to your start screen like you would any other phone because zune does not seem to want to work and I'm not the only one that seems to have this problem to the oxidation because a lot of people have the same problem. What I had to do was make my phone into a USB mass storage device that way I can drop my music over to it. I can use my phone as a music player while I'm at work. The speaker is more than decent in the battery seems to last for ever. Or I should say it will last a lot longer than most cell phones. I play with my friends iPhone just to see if I would like it before I even bought this phone to be completely honest with you I am more than happy with this phone, and I highly recommend anyone who is looking to get a solid phone that will make phone calls of course take beautiful pictures respond quickly and not have to stick it on the charger every night, then this is going to be the phone for you. I read reviews where people were saying that they didn't like the pictures that the camera took to be completely honest with you I don't know what they're talking about the pictures that my phone takes their really nice. They even have a little apps in the App Store for free where you can add light little special effects to your pictures a flashlight app calendar apps that are built into the phone already. This is a functional phone into be on you is not going to be for everyone. There's a lot of people who are canis dock on the iPhone craze that will quickly shy away from you know, a Windows phone, but I think this is phone puts iPhone to shame. Even people I work with that have iPhones keep asking me how much did my phone cost and where did I get it. And these are your iPhone is the best thing ever type of people. The one thing I'm still try to figure out and if there's anybody who can help me with this, please do is how to update my phone without using zune so once again I have to give this phone a solid five. Given that the music player application Zune doesn't seem to like to connect to computers, but I can still move my music over to my phone, so it's not enough for me to drop a star off of it . And if there's anyone who is looking into getting one of these go to your local AT&T store and grab one in touch it , fiddle around with it to figure out if you like it or notI will put it this way. I bought this cellphone from BREED and gave this product 4 stars. For the price you pay, you get a phone that: -has a great camera -it is easy to use and understand (even for my mom and she is 69 years old) -has nice office tools and xbox games -Runs without lagging (if you update the software) THE BIGGEST DISSATISFIER FOR ME! IT'S THE INCOMPETENCE AND STUPIDITY OF MICROSOFT !!! If you are aware, they own NOKIA and Skype! I understand if they are not going to release any microsoft OS updates, but stop supporting skype at all and disabling this from ITS market place; It's completely stupid and ridiculous!! this makes the smartphone be almost (if not completely) useless. Yes, you may have LINE app and viber per say, but all my skype contacts can't call me anymore. I can't even log in to my account!!! so overall, great phone with decent specs, but it is a total bummer not being able to use SKYPE at all. This is not the sellers fault but stupid MICROSOFT!!Before I comment on the product, I must mention that when I received it in the ATT box with the ATT logo on it I was terrified the phone would be locked. As it turns out, the phone is unlocked. No issues there. Also, I'm not on AT&T. I'm on Simple Mobile, which runs on TMobile, so my comment on 3g/4g speeds will be non-existent. 1. Fantastic reception on the phone so far. Where I couldn't get reception in the past, I get a strong signal on this phone. Many people blame reception solely on networks, but obviously phone reception plays a part. 2. Enough apps for me. I'm not a mass appeal games freak, so I'm not going to lose the plot at the fewer games available, and, heaven forbid, needing to pay $0.99 for Angry birds. I can get all the other things that I want, either the same app as Android or by a third party that fulfills the same function (was on android before this) 3. The battery life is ok. It lasts through a day and then some, of course depending what you use it for. I use the phone for calls, some surfing, apps for a range of thing from weather to my Sonos to the kindle. 4. Fantastic price. I know Lumia 920 is out but I also know a one year old model is young enough to be relevant and old enough to receive the shipment of the model without the initial launch quirks. 5. Xbo smartglass works well, which isn't a big deal but it's a nice convenience when I'm watching netflix on the xbox from the bed. 6. Stable. Actually stable. 7. The ringer volume has a huge range. That was an issue with my last phone. I like the range. 0-30. As time goes by I'm sure I'll have more to add and maybe it'll show itself to be a dud (though I honestly hope not). Maybe some day Tmobile/Simple Mobile will add the required frequency to get 3g on this phone but I have no issues with Edge for what I use the data access for and I'm mightly pleased with this pretty piece of mobile technology. When everyone had Nokia phones, I never had one, so I'm surprised that I've gone there with this, but they did a good job. I hope they survive the slump they're in because they make good phones.Love this phone! WP OS, is just extremely fast, fluid, and very smooth. The amount of apps Nokia continue to push out, along with their support, make this phone a no brainer to purchase. I've used Android as well as iOS, and yes WP OS is really a breath of fresh air and a joy to use. I can honestly say the "Live Tiles" are addictive and you won't just put your phone up in your pocket. It(OS) makes you continue using your phone for everything possible. Anyway, enough about the OS, more about the phone. This is one of the best built phones ever! Of course you will have fans of the 800, 900 & N9, all are pretty much the same with small differences(screen build and size). The color is sort of hard to explain, cause depending on where and the lighting it can look several different shades of blue, but every shade looks beautiful. When I'm out and have the phone on the table or bar, never fails, a couple of people will ask about it and are simply amazed at the beautiful of the phone. Well, this was only a quick little review, I will be getting the new Lumia 920, HTC 8X, and also the HTC One X+, in the near future.This is my 3rd Lumia, I read the reviews and it was pretty middle of the road but since I'm not new to Lumia I took a shot. I have to say I hated the thing before I even powered it up. I don't like the raised screen and the flat ends. One thing I read was the it take micro SD cards .. IT DOESN'T .. when people say it does, they are referring to the sim card. This really peed me off as i'd bought a 32gb sd card for this phone. This phone comes with a small tool to open up the sim port, it broke off first try. I finally opened the sim port and its not clear which way to put the sim in . I switched it on and the apps only take up 2 3rds of the screen, the rest is for a tiny arrow in a circle .., could be my lack of time messing with it but I thought that was silly. So I go to open the store to download apps and I see a message saying I need to download marketplace refresh. I received about 3 error codes before this would work. I then went download my fave apps and kept hitting more and more error codes. I finally restarted it and started over. After 30 minutes with this thing I finally gave in. I did a factory reset and i'm giving it to my 14 year old. I was going to give him my Lumia 650 but its way better than the 900, apart from the camera.This phone would have been great had it been eligible for the Windows 8 upgrade. There just aren't many useful apps and my most used and favorites were non-existent. It uses the Facebook app from when any sort of edit features were available. Pinterest was a no-go, even things like Skype and such were not available. IF this doesn't bother you, the weight of the phone and the clarity of the camera was nice. I would definitely hold out for a Windows 8 version. I ended up returning it and buying the cheaper Go-Phone Lumia 635 with a lesser camera and like it much better already because my apps work! I would have liked to have had the better camera but those with Windows 8 were out of my budget. I do like the 635, however.Amazon had a great price on this phone. I needed something unlocked to use in other countries as well as the USA. I was thinking Android but this phone seemed to be well reviewed for build quality and people seem to like the Windows interface. I've had it for about a week and I really like it a lot. The windows interface is fantastic. It is very intuitive and just like Windows 8 on a laptop or tablet. I definitely prefer it to Android and even Apple, although I like the iPhone I just have this resentment with Apple with their pricing and overall sense of being the absolute best. Apple phones are good but not worth the price. The build quality on the Nokia is excellent, a very solid phone with gorilla glass and an excellent camera. The only issue I have is that it is not windows 8 and not up-gradable to 8. There are plenty of the apps though although more on Win 8 (Pandora only works on Win 8, but you can get Spotify). I am overall very pleased with the phone and can recommend it highly.My order was fulfilled by TABLET DISTRIBUTORS without incident. This is an AT&T phone it has their logo on the front and on the boot up screen. I am using it with no problems on prepaid T-Mobile no data service. This phone is a little heavier than I expected from a plastic phone. It can be updated to WP 7.8 but not any further. The update process wasn't exactly easy, but it's doable. For my purposes the battery makes it through about 10 hours, between recharges. On the downside since it can't be upgraded to WP 8.0 there is no way for you to transfer music to it without a cable and the Zune software, which isn't as bad as I feared, but still annoying. The Bluetooth pairing works well with my 2013 Subaru and my Panasonic home phone. It syncs with your google account for contacts ok, but numbers with a custom label are not synced, unfortunately.This is my first windows phone and so far, I am enjoying it. The price point here is better than if I had bought it in the store I checked (you know, that US carrier that advertises it does not "lock you into contracts"). The phone does everything I need it to do and the features are exactly as advertised. No unpleasant surprises. My only disappointment is that this particular phone is not "factory" unlocked (and the sellers do not claim it is). So ATT branding is on the phone and on some of the apps. Since I use this phone overseas and am not an ATT customer, I would prefer not to have these ATT demarcations on my phone. In the past, I have been more careful to select a factory unlocked phone but overlooked that detail this time. Otherwise, the phone is easy to use and performs well, consistent with Nokia standards.I bought this phone for my son and the 920 for myself. After a few months the ear speaker became distorted in my 920 and had to return it. I loved the phone so I wanted to have it repaired. However, since it was a german phone and not US, Nokia warranty was not valid so amazon just took it back. That was great except they charged me a $70 restocking fee for something I did not even want to return. (and I sure hope they did not restock it and sell to someone else) A few months later the 900 started doing all kinds of crazy things, could not send texts or receive or would get a text days later, etc. This one was a US phone which I much prefer of course. Amazon would not take it back because Nokia warranty covered it. I sent it to them for repair and they could not fix it. They called me to tell me so and that they would send a new 900 to me. Seemed fair to me until I received phone and this is a huge problem for those buying unlocked phones. It was an Att phone, I have t mobil. Nokia does not unlock it, Att has to and it was up to me. ATT only unlocks it for current customers or previous customer who had that phone with them. Nokia tells me to call ATT, they tell me to call Amazon and Amazon can't or won't get it unlocked for me so they allowed me to return it. What they could not tell me was if I would be charged a restocking fee for it as I told them I am not going to do that again. So I wait for my credit and I am sure I will get it minus a restock fee and will have to get on the phone yet again. So I am 0 for 2 on the Nokia Lumia's so I will never buy one of those again and I used to prefer to buy unlocked phones but after this experience I will never do that again unless amazon can fix this. Between that and having no way (that I am aware of) to assure I am getting a US phone when I buy from amazon, its just not worth buying a cell from from amazon anymore.The problem is not just the cellphone that it's meant to be factory unlocked and it's not but is also the support. The cellphone has some features locked to work just with AT&T and not unlocked as i Buy it. I dont return it because i live outside the states and is not that easy to me to return it. The other thing is that they dont give me a solution, that should be a software issue. They call me one month ago, when i wrote a negative review and ask me to delete it that they were going to work on it. After I delete the feedback i haven't received any information about my problem or whats happening.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE; it is not factory unlocked as advertised. the phone came before time and i was excited tot try it, but i was really disappointed, the screen sense of touch is too slow. even slower than most older touch screen phones. the wifi does work only in some places i don't know the reason of that. even at home i can't get it to work. the apps are so poor. the phone is not factory unlocked. it is an AT&T unlocked phone, so good luck if you wanna make it work under T-Mobile or similar networks. i don't really see why the seller need to lie in his add since the Phone has the logo of AT&T on it and all the Apps that AT&T instal in there phones, also good luck if you wanna remove AT&T apps. plus i bought this phone as new, and i received a used one. i am returning this phone today.So far I love this phone. I did have a little trouble getting it set up but I got it figured out eventually. I had an old HTC before this, so it took some getting used to but now I wouldn't go back. I especially love the camera compared to what I had before. Update 11/24/2014 I've had this phone for a little over a year now, and unfortunately I've started having problems with the battery charging. It makes the sound that it has connected and shows that is is charging but it either charges extremely slowly or doesn't charge at all. And the slightest movement of any kind makes it disconnect. I'm still researching to see if there is any way to fix it; my next step is probably to get a new battery since I have already tried all the basic suggested solutions. Other than the battery issue, the only other problem I have had is I'm unable to do screenshots but I'm unsure if it is because I'm doing it wrong or if there is a glitch. Either way, it hasn't been a big deal to me and I've otherwise enjoyed using the phone. Hopefully I'll be able to get the charging problem fixed.Omg! I so love my Nokia Lumia!Better than my android.I was a die hard fan of samsung galaxy but now am head over heels with windows phone platform. I gave it 4 stars because of just how hard it is to get it set up.It took me forever to : 1.Get my new windows live account verified.I kept getting an error to check my inbox to veirfy my account and no link to this day has ever arrived in my live account to verify it.That's a downside to Microsoft.After a little googling I realized it is not an isolated case.When you first sign up put an alternate email (gmail,yahoo) instead of phone for verification.The verification takes forever to arrive but once you get it you are good to go and download your apps. 2.Set up the the phone to receive and send pictures!I am on one of those cheaper phone networks AKA SIMPLE mobile.There are no clear instructions anywhere on how to set up the phone to receive data and picture messages(supposedly simple mobile/T-mobile says they have no way to set i up).I almost returned the phone because of this but lo and behold again google came to the rescue.After a few clicks and trial and error:before you do anything download the Nokia app :"Network Setup" follow instructions for the other windows phones.Also under settings--> Cellular---apn=simple 3.Haven't been able to pair with my Honda CRV bluetooth Hands free link yet.Honestly I haven't been in the car long enough to fight this battle so this may just be a user error. Besides the above the organization of the phone is just awesome.Fits perfectly in my jeans pockets.Haven't had issuses with the battery going out (and am on it 24/7).I go a full day without recharging unlike my samsung had to do it every half a day.Having everything in one place makes collaboration and keeping up with my peeps a breeze.I have to add the price I got from Bayshine store was a steal!Go get the phone!Windows is on a good track.The Windows platform is a nice change from the traditional Android or Apple phones. I am a TMobile subscriber so bought the unlocked phone. Didn't like that it has AT&T printed on the screen in the upper right hand corner, but LOVE that I can remove all of the pre-installed AT&T apps!! Most phones, you are stuck with whatever apps they load for you and you can't get rid of them. Not a problem on this phone. Also, this was my first experience with an on-screen keyboard. I have always stuck with phones with a full QWERTY keyboard for texting because I hated how small the keys are on-screen, but this one is perfectly spaced and large enough so I dont make typos! Oh, and when I do make a typo (especially in texting) it has spell-check AND auto-corrects some of the words for me!! Phone is very easy to navigate and works great!! I love it!!I love technology and I am convinced that if you have not yet used a windows phone then you do not know what a perfectly smooth operating system is like. There are so many advantages to this phone in comparison to the iphone, and even some top name android phones. However I am actually going to move up to the nokia lumia 920 simply because I want to use the OS 8 operating system. I would definitely stick to these type of phones but it may also help to have a different OS too because in every phone there are advantages and diadvantages. That is maybe why I have two.... Every customer likes and dislikes are different so find out as much as you can before making a purchase.I ordered this phone about a week ago. And its been really great since. Positives - The colour display is amazing on this phone -It has a single-core 1.4GHz, that works GREAT! _ - Even though it is a Windows 7.5 (up gradable to 7.8), it still offers so much. Youtube HD, facebook, twitter, skype, whatsapp, tango .. a bunch of apps that satisfied me. -The camera is great! Both back and front. - ZUNE!: Some people complained about the fact that they needed a software to put music, videos and photos on their phone, but it turned out GREAT! If you know how to use the software effectively, you can put music and videos, onto the collection you want and it can sync wirelessly! -The phone feels strong and well built; I mean it should for the size and weight, I guess. -From watching screen reviews on youtube, the screen can be used as a hammer to pound in nails to wood! So the screen is really good and apparently doesn't scratch easily although, I haven't able to test it. -The games are great, but the really good ones you got to pay for .. lol .. buts thats the case for everything. -Having Microsoft Office on your phone is great for students and people who need to write, edit and read docs on the go. The photo-editing capabilities are great! Negatives -even though I knew it was this big (dimension wise) I didn't get a feel for the phone, so when it came, it felt a little too big to be comfortable in your hand. So I'll suggest to anyone, to ensure that you are comfortable with a phone this big.(And Heavy) -Some of the apps for windows phone 7.8, to me, were poorly designed. E.G facebook: you are limited to what you can do from your phone compared to what you can do on the computer, to me, that shouldn't be. - I wish there was a longer battery life. I more or less have to charge it everyday. Not sure what other phones offer on the market. But I don't like it. lolThis phone is Excellent for What I need it for. this phone has 16 GB of storage built in so that you don't have to buy an SD card for your storage.This phone is very slim and doesn't feel like your carrying a bulky phone. It feels very sleek and fits comfortably in the hands, The experience with this phone feels like a really expensive phone. I would recommend this phone for someone who needs a phone that doesn't break the bank.By being an iPhone user, I was greatly surprised by Windows Phone interface, easy to navigate and with clear icons. My wife was looking for a cellphone replacement and I bought this smartphone for her not only because of the cost but also because it came factory unlocked and ready for international use, plus with big and clear icons (my wife is visually impaired). Initially I was a bit concerned about the useability of the Windows Phone interface because my wife has had a bad experience with an Android OS, however she adapted very quickly to the WP interface, I would say almost naturally, what speak well about the WP interface design. Overall the product met our expectation and among the couple of minor limitations that I've found so far are: a) runs Windows Phone v7.5, and b) it requires Microsoft Zune for data sync.This item was promptly returned. There is no mention that this is an AT&T phone, and the picture does not show a brand. There are several programs and features that only work on the AT&T network, so I do not recommend if you have t-mobile. Maybe someone who knows how to monkey with the software could get it to work better, but I wasn't about to deal with it. There is no mention of the phone being AT&T unlocked, and the picture doesn't show branding, so I assumed it was factory unlocked. Which is not the case.Things buy two of this to the same vendor, excellent i loved but the 5 days that was in my hand one of them started off only i thought it was that overcharging in this and it turned off by security "automatically many teams do not do so in order to avoid overheating" i did not give it importance then one day I got to upload "off" switch off the charger and when I tried to turn it on did not give anything! Not turned i charger and NOTHING! Only blank as la knocks or that it is i, and i am a star isn't why the phone is bad but that I lost my money by one of this fabulous team for imbalances in our factory! The worst thing is that I was without phone would have raised a claim from the beginning but as I am from Venezuela were to want to send the team and blah blah blah " bone more silver in shipping costs that are borne by my party." Well that was all :( :( :( Greetings.Stylish phone, great handling good display and fast response. However, the battery life was poor. I let it charge all night but after 2 hours the battery would be down to 5%, and that was with out using it at all. Went on for 2 days and I had to return it. The sellers gave me excellent service and provided wonderful service on shipping and returning, and I really felt bad returning it knowing it wasn't the sellers, but Nokia's fault. However, it is what it is and I my buy another phone from them again.I bought one phone and it was good. So that, I ordered another one for my wife. The second one was very bad. It did not come in a original box. The charger was not for that phone and looks very cheap and low quality. The USB cable to connect to computer was missing. The sim door key was missing either. So that I have just returned it today. Can not understand why they could sell that product. I really hate to return things as I waste my time for searching, ordering, returning, and shopping again. Amazon must select providers more carefully!What I like about this phone: the back camera- stalker quality. the durability. It has dropped, had stuff drop on it (freshly brewed coffeepot for one....) and survived to tell another day. The downsides: product glitches- at least every other day, no instruction manual, a defective pair of random headphones- how can I use headphones where one wire is at least half the length of the other??? And the factory unlocking.... it's a pain in the arse to have a phone locked to att. If I had known that would have been the case I would have brought a friend's old one and called it a day. The volume seems to be permanently low- I make calls like I'm in in an old cellphone commercial. Oh and apps? They don't like windows phones. In short buyer beware.Pros: both front and back camera take amazing pics whether day or night. Secondly, the speakers on the phone are very loud nice to listen to music. Also the screen is big enough for u to watch things clearly. Cons: the phone is sooo sensitive and annoying. Sometimes I'll be watching a video and the Bing web page constantly comes on cutting off whatever I'm doing then I have to lock the phone then unlock because the buttons are unresponsive. Then there is this listening app that comes up while in the middle of everything every single time u take up the phone. I'm convince the phone has a mind of it's own cause even when I put it down it comes on. If u've ever had an android software device before the windows software is going to disappoint u just like how I feel. There isn't a wide variety with free games as with android or interesting apps. at the beginning the battery sucked but I guess since I have no interesting games to play it last almost all day if I don't use it. I've had this phone almost 2 months and I'm ready to go back to an android software device.It has it all. Huge capacity, thousands of great free applications, you can switch between all the open applications and windows easily, good camera and video, battery lasts all day if you keep location GPS and some other stuff off while not in use. I only have problems receiving some picture messages but all the positive in the phone outgrow and I don't complain at all. Bistrop and Instagram can't be install nowadays, maybe they'll fix that soon. I love it. Great Smart phone.1. Very good value if you pay less than USD $300 2. Superb build quality and looks 3. Fast, works great and decent batterly life (one day) 4. The screen is beautiful and the colors are great (a little unnatural but great to the eye) 5. Apps and personalization are limited compared to iphone and andriod phones. If you are the type of person who uses their phone for the basics, this is hard to beat. 6. The carmera is very goodI don't think this is a Nokia lumia 900, because it doesn't have the gorilla glass. I bought this phone to replace my white one, and it won't let me call certain people and from one drop it shattered like an iPhone. One thing the lumia has on other phones is the screen. That gorilla glass is near indestructible.The phone supposed to come unlocked but is wasn't I have to find a place to unlock the phone.THANK GOD TO THE AMAZON MANAGER Who was calling me everyday to find out if I unlocked the phone to pay me back that she did .lam so happy my phone is now unlocked love it thank LADY SHE IS THE BEST MANAGER EVER GOD BLESS HER .SORRY I Don't. Remember HER NAME.I gave it a star because it looked amazing.... Until I tried to charge it .... IT JUST DOESN'T WORK AT ALL!!! It never lit up. Can't turn it on, no signs of charging at all, tried with other chargers and nothing! I am from another country so I can't return it. I guees I'm stuck with a $100 piece of crap.Stopped working - all the features and phone OS is working but people cannot hear on other end. There was always a problem with speaker and today it completely broke. It could be that the specific product was defective or may be because I did not buy from Nokia/Amazon but was from other vendor[Tablet Distributors] from amazon site. Its not even been a year since I purchased the product and it doesn't work - did not expect this.Switch to Lumia is the new logo from Nokia and you should not wait to do it. WP is a Great OS, i even dare to said is way much better then iOs or Android, it is not only friendly and easy to use but also have a more elegant and modern presentation. This device comes with the version 7.8 which is like using the new Windows Phone 8, so you do not have to worry about the updates. About the hardware: It is an amazing device, in this range of prices you would not find anything better. I am using it in Costa Rica with Kolbi operator and it works like a charm! 100% recomended!I enjoyed this phone for the 40 days I had it until it suddenly went blank and the battery refused to charge and showed a red bar. So I am stuck with a phone that does not work.First of all, if you have a few hundred bucks to spend on a mobile phone, please do yourself a favor and buy a phone that does not irritate you every time you use it. When you try to use the phone (taking pictures, sending an sms, watching a video), it either flips to the bing search engine or tellme (Nokia's version of SIRI) pops up or the screen is minimized automatically. All three of them are annoying and render the other features of the phone useless (although I must say tellme is the most irritating). I have researched the problem and it is not an isolated case. Hundreds of other customers apparently have the same problem (check out the nokia forum [...]) The bad news is that there seems to be no solutions to these problems (although some people have reported that using headphones will make these problems go away). In any case, my next phone is definitely going to be another brand. I suggest you do the same.I bought this phone for a friend of mine living out of USA. They didnt send me the color I clicked on and my friend told me the phone cant support whatsapp Im really disappointed. I waste my money.Well madeGoodI am a huge fan of the interface: clean smooth and doesn't get in your way. That is definitely more than I can say about the android interface. (I tried not to rant). Dispite all the bad raputation Windows get's about their search engine and maps it is really quite good. To be fair I also add that I never was one of those "many apps" people. I own an iPad and barely have enough apps to fill the home screen. So in other words - I'm not missing the fact that there is way less apps than for iOS, but I could see that as a critical point for others. All in all - I love the interface and the phone, very stable (as every Nokia) thanks to the smooth back it doesn't get scratched.I bought this product and within three months have gone and bought a new phone because the phone sucks. My husband has at&t and the unlocked phones are at&t but yet it still doesn't work. I contacted the seller and got blow off!! I am so disappointed by this experience and recommend everyone look at another phone for your needs!!! I have attempted to write a review for the seller but my computer won't let me. I AM ONE DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER!!!!!!!!!!The design is pretty cool but other than that the phone is a piece of crap; after plugging in some earphones to listen music the sound and the speaker stopped working, troubleshooting the issue I found that many people are having the same issue and that Nokia, Windows or AT&T are not doing anything about it to fix the problem. hopefully I can get a replacement or at least have it repaired. I do not recommend this specific model at all, perhaps other models are ok but I will not buy a WP anymore. Hope this works for other people thinking about buying this crap phone.I only gave 4 stars because of the camera...it is raved about all over the internet but when using it, my kids with the iphones had much better pictures and videos. I enjoy the Windows phone as compared to the Android or iphone. Easy for me to use and fits well in my hand. Of the phones I have had, Nokia is great and their customer service is prompt and thorough.First, the phone is unlocked, however the one I received was branded with AT&T. The phone works great on Net10 (once the settings are figured out, took some time online). Pros: Phone was received 2 days after placing order. Windows OS is smooth, clean and works. Previous phone was Android on Sprint. The call quality is clear as can be. Camera takes very good 8mp photos. Apps in the market are made for Windows OS so they work. No bloat ware (there were a few programs pre-installed from AT&T, however these can be uninstalled). Cons: No external storage (knew this before I bought it), app market is smaller than Android's (but how many of those apps are duplicates). The only real con I can think of is the placement of the USB charging port, it's on the top of the phone, but not a deal breaker and I'm sure I'll get used to it.love the phone but its not new first phone the screen was gouged and could tell instantly it was a used phone. second phone screen scratched not gouged like first phone but still scratched being offered as new don't fall for it. as far as the phone itself great phone played with the windows with my Wi-Fi debating if I wanna keep it or not if its takes as long to receive a refund as it did my second phone from tablet distributors I might as well keep it as my current provider service is failing fast in my areaI really like the Windows OS and the Nokia line after only one day with my phone. The 900 is great for the most part. Difficult to set-up the unlocked phone with prepaid carrier, but doable. The phone itself has a nice look, is dense and operates smoothly. However, feels slick in my hand and almost dropped it many times in the first few hours of handling. I also think there is much wasted space on the front face at the top and bottom, that the screen doesn't use. Wish it had a 4.5 or better yet a 4.7 inch screen. Also, Nokia needs to adjust the Windows (tiles) to maximize the size to cover the entire screen...too much wasted black space around the edges of the actual screen (not the glass) itself.Nokia is known for making good reliable phones, but this one was an exception, bought it for my brother and the microphone broke after 6 months of use. For potential buyers, I don't recommend buying an old windows phone device, for the price I would get a Moto E, it's fantastic what Motorola (with google's help) has done with the X, G and E.Great Customer service and let me return the phone. But I had issues with the speaker I had to purchase an ear piece just to be able to talk to someone on the other line. I had to keep shutting the phone off because it kept freezing up. Just was not what I expected on the phone for the price and quality.Have had these phones for awhile now, not too many complaints. I don't like that it requires downloading apps to do just about anything. Sometimes they freeze up and won't power down or back up, but in the end they always end up functioning again. A good deal all in all.First of all please make sure you don't buy the product from the seller "BREED"... One of the worst seller. Phone was damaged..Charger was malfunctioned... For the product point of view, aesthetically it looks really cool. Very nice battery life... But as it is windows phone not many apps. Even Whatsapp n that kind of famous apps also has a bit lesser facilities than they provide in Android phones. I liked the phone(Hardware) but please make sure of the seller.... The seller "Breed" is horrible....Looks like this is not new phone. Cons:. 1. Checked usage,this phone was already used for 16 hours 2. Came with HTC phone charger 3. Any Video playing get dropped after few minutes. Pros: 1.Although i liked Windows OS ,i felt better than Andriod or iphone at user experience and user friendly I would buy this phone for Windows OS and for build quality, but did not like because limited Apps, camera and video player... Windows should work on competing android and iphone apps then this may go beyond those OSs...And Nokia to come with better quality camera and Video playing..I received this phone a day sooner than what was estimated, so that was awesome. The phone was in perfect shape, and I have had no issues w service or anything (the phone is an unlocked AT&T phone and I have T-Mobile service). The only unexpected thing was that the phone takes a micro SIM, and I honestly had no idea what that was. I called the seller, and he was very nice and explained to me what to do. The Windows format takes some getting used to (I was used to Android) and there aren't a whole lot of the normal apps available yet on the Windows Market...but I still love it.it is not an unlocked phone. it is AT&T locked phone. It does not work with any sim GSM carrier. Not what have been describedSucks didn't even workIt is well built, wonderful camera, plenty of memory, clear signal, thousands of apps and it does not crash. It does what it is supposed to do and really well. And this is from a professional Mac user. Windows has a decent product here. Finally !I was initially worried about this "unlocked" phone because when we first tried our existing sim card in the phone it did not work. We called straight talk and they coudn't figure out why it was not working they suggested that maybe the phone was not unlocked. I called AT&T they could not able to ping the phone and suggested that I send the phone back to amazon. I called straight talk once again and they were about to get the sim card working with the phone. Bought it for my daughter's 12th B'day she is loving it. I have no complain with the phone.I got the phone and was surprised that it uses a micro-sim card, so I went on-line to buy one and came across a site that showed how to cut down regular sim card. I followed the instructions and it worked. The battery time is not that great. It'll go two days if I use the music player on bluetooth all work day since I don't use the phone for calls that much and not into social media. The things I've used it for works great on internet and lots of apps available.I am very pleased with the phone was for my partner and she is fascinated excellent works great in VENEZUELA, there was no problem putting on the SIM card worked perfectly, we use the cell phone company Movistar and well ... we are compliant with excellent buy for us ... thanksI love everything about this phone but since it was At&t some features such as bluetooth still don't work. But I knew that goin' in so no biggie. I love the OS platform I think it is far superior. I can use this phone as a mini stereo and it is wonderful.Cons: Cannot receive picture messages, cannot do screen capture, sometimes when talking on the phone mute button will press onscreen, if I am in a area where there is no signal and move to area with signal it takes a while for it to catch signal again sometimes have to restart the phone Pros: Good battery life, easy to use, tiles on home screen easy to use, multiple windows open at same timeThe seller I purchased from, had my phone to me within 24 hours. Great service. It then took me two days to find APN settings that worked. Make certain you upgrade your new Windows Phone through Zune. Takes a little time but it is worth it. Beyond that, my provider's customer service was useless. It took far too long but I eventually got the right settings and the phone works like a charm. Crystal clear voice, and most of my familiar apps. Still working on finding some settings and details, but I am very pleased.It works, so it is worth more than 1 star. Its description is "new", but the battery is 0%, the box is a bit old and has "double stickered" to hold it tight, and the screen protector has bubbles. All these "features" make me believe that it's not really a new one. But I don't have enough time to return it and buy another phone, so I can only use it.Great phone, I went with this phone to replace my HTC Trophy as my windows phone. Just to let you all know I am using this phone over an Iphone 4s and a Nexus 4. This is a rock-solid phone and love it. Windows Phone 7.8 is still a great OS, no need for WP8Good phone for the price. The screen is amazing you don't need screen saver, the colors are better than Samsung. Things that I don't like: You can't share images or files by bluetooth, Nokia said that there is an application, but it is not for Lumia 900. The batery life is good, because some applications works in second plane. You can talk, navigate and heart music a lot of time. People comments good things about strength of materials. However, As I said in the beginning, Good phone for the price.The phone is awesome. I have this phone now since one month and I have no problem with it. It is big, it looks great, it is perfect. Also I am really happy, that I choosed Windows Phone this time. To everyone: Windows Phone is really different, so you have to get used to it, but it is now in my eyes the best of all the OS for me! The service had no problems. I ordered the phone and it arrived after 7 days, it was new, everything was top!Bought this for my mother, thinking it would be easier for her than an Android or iPhone. She hated every moment.I bought this phone as a gift for my brother. However the product has not been working fine from the very first day. There are issues with the mic and speaker and it is impossible to listen what the other person on the phone is saying and even the other person can not listen to what I speak. I contacted Nokia and they said the product is damaged and can not be repaired. I contacted the seller for return/replacement but never heard back from them. I am really disappointed with the phone.I bought this phone for my daughter's birthday. It was all good when we received it even though the seal was broken. I thought that was due to our customs checking to ensere. It appears now that the back arrow is not going back all the time and the dpone is sticking at times. I am so disappointed with this phone. I do not think that a phone for this price should be giving any trouble at all.....:( :(I received my phone before the expected arrival date and in excellent condition - New, and the color cyan blue is beautiful. The phone is simply great. It is easy to use, with lots of features, and well built. Good Nokia quality as expected. I have always been a fan of Nokia phones and the Nokia /Microsoft combination is perfect. The touch screen is becoming easier each time. The phone is indeed unlocked and I did take it to my initial cell provider. However,I was not pleased with the speed offered by them and had to switch to another provider - Digicel in the Caribbean is now my new cell provider. What a difference and the 4G LTE speed is simply amazing. Very pleased in all areas, and the phone did not let me down. Additional update to follow if necessary as I use the phone. UPDATE 20 Dec 12: Please note that the seller of my Nokia Lumia 900 unlocked cell phone was Masterdeals. My cell was indeed unlocked and I was able to communicate with them. Still very pleased with the Nokia Lumia 900 ! UPDATE 14 SEPT 13: This phone is still working very well. I have never had an issue with it, and I will say over and over again, "I really like my phone". Its fast ( good provider ), and I even read books on my phone. Its like my mini PC with easy use of the Microsoft office. I have also dropped it many times, but fortunately it was well protected. Lots of apps, and I am able to track my morning run/walk without a glitch. Unfortunately windows phones are missing the app for Magic Jack, and that is the only important app that I am lacking. Waiting on Magic jack to create an app for Windows phones ! Love the live tiles, and like that I can organize them how I want them - reminds me of my desktop. As you use the phone, you will learn the features. Still a great phone !!!Just a basic phone. heating battery and charging takes forever.I love my Nokia Lumia. It was a bit tough to get used to at first but luckily my brother had the same phone for a while so he helped me. My mom also has this phone and she loves it too. It's a great phone! A bit pricey but worth it!I ordered 2 Nokia 900 Lumia phones, they both arrived in excellent shape. The shipping lacked a little to be desired for my circumstance. The phones were scheduled to arrive on 2/26/2013 and they arrived in my possession on 3/5/2013. The instruction booklet looked like the printer att had used ran out of ink. you cannot read either book. It has online instructions to compensate for that. I am satisfied with the phone itself, just not the way it was shipped. We are a rural area here and it works better to use USPS. Steve StinsonI just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience.The phone I received is actually locked by at&t and not unlocked as it says. I asked the seller to send me an unlock code, but he would not respond. after reading some of the comments, I realized that I am not the only one that have been fooled by the phone descrption. Since I am in Angola, West Africa, it is not feasible to send the phone back, therefore I bought an unlock code for $46.6 from [...]. It took 10 days to get the code, but the good thing is my phone is unlocked and working pretty well.this is totally a unlocked phone. You can use it anywhere. This is a great phone for anyone who is interested in windows phone. It is much better than iPhonebeautiful color, very nice keys. wish it had removable mem card. but is very fluent, hasnt' hung up yet. have the tuxedo and screen protectors on it.WARNIING - Be carefull with this seller HASSLEFREECELL - I bought a phone Nokia 900 - it doesn't have warranty in USA - Nokia didn't recognize the serial and recommended me a Technician who couldn't repair the cell - those phone are from Europe - neither Nokia can help you - I haven`t received response from the seller - he only said that I had 30 days - how can you buy something expensive without warranty neither factory warranty?????? I still have this trouble.Loved the phone but it did not work with my phone company and was a huge hassle. I still have it and would like to get rid of it.Do not buy out of dateI bought it but I didn't know how hard it's to take off the battery. Because of that my phone didn't have long live.I have received the Damaged piece with Mike and Speaker problem from CELL LAUNGE and without knowing it I havegifted it to someone outside of US. Later I came to know that it wasn't working and I started approaching the Amazon and Cell Launge. But they said that they can't accept returns fron any other country other than US. But I expect either Cell Launge has to accept it or if Cell launge's presense wasn't there and Amazon exists then has to accept on their behalf.arrived very quickly, in perfect condition, the phone is magnificent, has many uses, I was surprised when I realized that I could not share files via bluetooth, but the phone is the maximum is exactly what I expected and at a great price this undoubtedlyI loved this phone, but eventually it crapped out on me and would constantly give me voice command prompts. I had to throw it away.I bought this phone for my dad because he needs to check emails and make phonecalls ( basic user overall). W8 interface is pretty solid for mature people ( big icons, big fonts and easy navigation ) Regarding hardware the Lumia 900 is a solid phone. The battery lasts in standby for at lease a day. Great purchase IMOThe phone it's great but came without earphone...too bad.i think price is normal. Ordered,when i recieved phone was bad. Box not original.Inside box not any manual book,earing. Only had carger. Phone looks used. Dont enter to market in anywhere. Dont reccomended - - - -Its ok but I don't what happend with this cell phone especific with the whatsapp application the messages are delayed for very long time. that is why I score with 3 stars.fits good and comfortableFirst of all i wanted to say Amazon has been very prompt in refunding my money for this phone. I think I may have gotten a manufacture defect or a refurbished phone, from the start it showed problems like; Freezing up, controls not working properly, search engine would pop up while talking on the phone or texting. It froze up a couple times and i couldn't even turn it off to reboot it, so i figured how to soft boot it. Furthermore I wasn't very happy that most banks don't have mobile apps for the windows phone. I have recently had my refund processed and purchased a droid phone, which i;m very happy with so far.I have network problems then it will fix itself then resume again,also I cannot send picture messages even after updating the phone bu it is a nice phone for making calls and taking picturesThis phone is great and good quality but when I got it it wasn't unlocked and it was locked on AT&TThis is a visually stimulating phone, with all the colours and apps. I find it to be a tad limited (where apps are concerned) but its less expensive and you get a good service.With stunning design perfect photos has an operating system windows 8 easy accessEXCELLENT PRODUCT ARRIVED IN THE ESTIMATED TIME AND WELL PACKED SO I RECOMMENDI recently purchase this phone from this seller. but it is locked to at&t and shipping package doest not have any acceseries associated with this phone except charger ie not headset, sim ejecting tool, manual, no warranty and nothing. It is used phone. i advice not to buy this item.good afternoon friends I want to meet the problem is happening to me! since just eh RECEIVED equipment and has some problems he seems to have problems with the horns and I can not listen to people who call them my I have not put the phone on speaker and they listen to me I want to know that occurs ! because when I put my headphones if I listen but do not rest! THANKS and agraderia them to give me a respuestaa see that could be done in this case?It is so cool I wish I had bought one for myself. It does not have apps that my daughter wished it had but it works well and that is what counts....right?? :)Changed from an Iphone to this phone and I am glad I did. I love the larger display. Learning the windows system has been tricky but fun. The hardest part for me was finding the right software at the marketplace to use to change the network settings.hy I bought Nokia lumia 900 which is said to be unlocked version,I had great trust on amazon,but when I got the cell I unboxed it then insert my sim I found its not unlocked its locked I think,I bought that cell for my country Pakistan where I would use it,when I took the cell with me to Pakistan to use it here I found it that it is not working here.I am very sad to see this ,please help me in this regardWe bought this in the states, wanting a global phone and it works great on our NZ sim card. We had to buy another one though because it will not tolerate being run over by a truck. The sim card did though :)pros:nice looking, very good screen and Zeiss lenses,good sound. cons: battery needs very frequent recharging,confusing AT&T logo on the box and on the screen of the new factory unlocked phone (when I was buying a new SIM starter kit, T-Mobile staff wasn't sure that the phone is really factory unlocked ). DanielaFirst time using Windows phone and is a little complicated for me. I prefer Android system is easier. The phone is sealed and if the battery needs to be replaced I don't know how it works. No way to upgrade memory there is a slot only for SIM card. I been using Metro PCS and I never got problems with service and with this Lumina 900 the service is poor also to sending texts.Good working condition as advertised. I bought this for birthday gift to my brother living in Europe. It works very well and all possible updates.Perfect but battery life is weakThe phone didn't charge since day 1. It was very dissapointing receive a phone that does not charge and that it says factory unlocked but as in reallity is only an AT&T unlocked cell, it even seemed refurbished, I wouldn't never buy from this supplier ever.I purchased this phone on November 6 2013. Finished a phone call and set the phone down on a table, the battery life was about half full. The phone shut itself off and I have not been able to turn it back on since. I tried to charge it but nothing happens when I plug it in. I also did a soft reset and a hard reset and the phone still will not turn on.I thought I was getting a good deal with this phone, that being the only reason I spent so much money on it. But as I began to use my phone more and more it started to glitch on me. This started happening as early as three weeks from the first time I used it. Since then I've had to reboot it three times, the Bing button keeps popping up even though I am not hitting it at all. I'll have it rotated to avoid that and it still happens. The same thing happens with the voice command. The sound won't come off so when it happens in class my phone is always the loudest thing and it wont turn off until I tell it cancel or find another way to cancel it. My screen has frozen, the camera button doesn't always work and I'm tired off yelling at my phone to cancel the multiple times it throws the voice command at me. I've counted more than ten times its repeated the voice command consequitively without me touching the key. This phone is not worth it. I wish I had returned it early but I thought it was something that would work itself out somehow. I was being too optimistic.Love this phone, easy to use, screen clear and video and audio output is excellent. Its light and I love the colour.Caveat emptor!! Phone did not match description! Obviously they're clearing the old junk off the shelves. The one I received wasn't a Windows 8.1..it was an old 7.5!!not a fan of the windows software, the delivery was excellent and the product was too, just couldn't use the apps that I wanted. This phone is the only Lumia version that can not be updated to Windows 8, so its limited on the apps that can be downloaded.First the phone was locked while the description said unlocked Second i gifted this phone to someone . The phone started to go on sleep every 5 minutes. I had terrible experience shopping here specially with this seller. Never recommend to anybody Return window also expired as i givfted 2 months later in some other country.AWESOME phone just needs to be a Windows 8 to enjoy all the apps. the phone doesn't support the new apps that came out.Where i Began, the box was not the proper one for this phone as promised, did not bring all accessories like nokia key,nokia charger and data cable. Besides when charged it did not work, the battery ran out and lasted only few minutes just like others customers said. And of course it is NOT FACTORY UNLOCKED I am not happy with the product and the seller Realmente estoy muy decepcoinado, he comprador muchas cosas por amazon y esta es la primera vez que algo asi me pasa.Excelente. Continuar comprando a este vendedor. Tienda recomendada para hacer ms compras internacionales. GRACIAS POR LA VENTA DEL PRODUCTO. SALUDOSFirst off, the phone is gorgeous. Love the rectangular shape and sharp edges. Everything's good except for a few things. The microphone is on the bottom of the phone so sometimes people tell me they have a hard time hearing me and that I sound muffled. Another thing is that you can't personalize the phone too much. For example, you cannot use a song from your own music collection to be your alarm tone. If there is a way, I don't know it.Everything was ok with this seller. Reccomended.The phone was delivered in perfect condition. My only issue is that it did not come with headphones..which are standard now! Also I was kind of disappointed with the fact that I cannot put my own ringtone without getting a migraine over the process to do so! Very disappointing Nokia! Other than that...I am satisfied.A very good phone and i could not wanted more. the light is excellent and the camera is very good. the features excellent.It is a good phone, but it does not support micro sd cards as the discription says . The slot it for a micro sim card that allows the phone to operate with a selected carrier on their network.I am enjoying my cell, this phone reminded me of my love for Nokia phones. It operates well, easy to use, the apps are great. I love that it is blueSOUND QUALITY IS POOR. THE PHONE SEEMS TO BE BRAND NEW. THE PHONE IS UNLOCKED BUT DUE TO THIS MODEL(AT&T) LUMIA 900 MY PROVIDER (T-MOBILE) WAS NOT ABLE TO MAKE THE PHONE RECEIVED OR SEND PICTURE MESSAGE. BUT THE CAMERA ON THIS PHONE IS GOOD. I RETURNED THE PHONE AND WILL RATE EXPERIENCE WITH THE SELLER SOON.I have this phone for two weeks. Its great phone with 4g speed and good call qaulity. Only problem is that it freezed up twice during two weeks of usage. I have to turn off and on for phone to work Again. Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan BlueIt is everything that I expected it to be. It is easy to function and Great camera too. I love the flash. I only with that I had an up to date computer so I can sync my music. And for some reason I can not get youtube to open the desktop version. The mobile YouTube doesn't show most videos and loads slowly... But the good outweighs the bad BY FAR. Best phone I have ever had.The packaging was not original as the IMEI number did not match. Already had issues after 6 months of usage.This was advertised as brand new factory unlocked. The phone came with scratches & AT&T logo!I replaced a water-damaged phone with a new phone. switched the Simm card and it was ready to go.Not a bad phone overall. Windows still has a ways to come. Still impressed even though it's an older phone.These are great for international use and that is what they were purchased for! I purchased about 3 phones for the kids.Good product; great priceEverything great.... ThanksI don't like this product for the reason that It doesn't respond to my needsSpecial Unlocked Label on the outside of the box. Item was new and unlocked as promised and in Original Packaging. Fast shipping.I bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister. She is very happy.I like Nokia. But the information in the description of the product is false. it says have Windows 8 but its not true, it have windows 7.8 and i can not upgrade the software and i can not use several apps i had in my last windows phone. please change the information to the original info.bad quality screenGood afternoon, please I have a problem with the phone, there is a problem with the phone bluethoo does not work and with the speaker, because I do not listen to talk. The other apps work fine, I could do with this problem. Thank you.Good phone, arrived on time, is Factory unlocked, high quality.great buy, quick delivery, no complaintsThe phone came on time, it is exactly as shown. Right now its working quite well. Its a little bit bigger than I thought.I bought this phone because I wanted to use it on TMobile. I've only been frustrated thus far. Because it was originally an AT&T phone, the picture messaging is all screwed up. I actually regret not waiting the extra month or so for the Lumia 820... at least that Nokia was released on TMobile... Overall, the phone os great; I do LOVE Windows phones.ExcellentI have to sy that the phone is not that bad. The only thing that gets me mad some times is that the phone shuts down by it self. That's a detail you didn't put in the item descriptions!Phone runs really smooth, gorgeous screen, resolution, very good camera, battery life is pretty good, the only thing is the app store, not enough apps, and if you head droid before and love Google stuff, the you have to improviseThe box was not the proper one for this phone as promised and when charged it did not work, the battery ran out and lasted only few minutes. I am not happy with the product and the seller, this is the second time i have something to complain about with this seller.The product didnt come in a genuine Nokia pack. The data cable that came with the pack was of cheap quality and doesnt look like from Nokia. there was no user manual provided. I ordered a white phone but the accessories were black in color. For me it looked like they arranged for the accessories. I had to return it.EXCELENTE PRODUCTOI bought this phone for my mom. Display is bright and phone is easy to use. Phone is compatible with T-Mobile services. I simply went to T-Mobile and requested a new sim card, store clerk inserted the sim card into the phone and powered it back up. Im very happy with purchase. ThanksI bought it for my son birthday and he love itExcelentI was good at that price, It works well but if you have been using Android, you need to go through manual 1st bse this is Window Operated smartphone, it has some differences. Enough space for storage, but its skin(glass and housing) gets dirty quicklyBeautiful device, works fine, and boy, it has great audio quality and video! Its dial is easy to read. I am happy with it!Friend I am from Venezuela, the cell that does not meet published reporting features. He says he is unlocked and not so I could not use the charger does not work, came with no manual and headset. Presents software failures. I am not satisfied with what sent.Awesome phone and you can update it to windows 7.8 through Zune, but you can get it for $150 plus tax directly from amazon.com I ended up paying $163 total.Phone was working just fine until battery decided to not take AC charge at all and was left stranded at the airport looking for loose change to make a pay phone call. The attempts to charge the phone lasted two weeks after that but with no results. Very disappointing device since it is only 6 months old. Would not recommend.!!!great peice easy to handle and i like it very mcuh this is my third gift to my friend pefectthis phone is defective it doesn't work any comes messed up I can't believe I paid for this crap.it broke down on me the first day I got it and I had to send it to a repair shop..this phone is literally no good please be aware of it.and the sender is crap I got it from a bull crap senderLoved it! The case is super resistent, the interface is so beautiful and colorful! It is a pity that it cannot be updated to the 8.0/8.1 WindowsThe Nokia 900 itself is a great phone. However I was supplied with a phone that had a defective battery. Now I'm forced to purchase a battery for this phone. Two I'm unable to send mms picture messages or files via texting because it's a unlocked phone. I did not know this fact. That's another big problem right there.First the device is not factory unlocked, is simply a A & TT unlocked with a box that is not original with just a charger. Second and more important the device is not working no sound function And do not even listen when I speak or I speak. I totally disappointed. It seems a telephone rebuilt and not new. I want my money back. ChargerNICE PHONE!recibidoexelenteexelenteAll okAwesomeGoodit as good as its description and worth keeping it! Everything is amazing when I got this item, but window 7.5 system is truly not as smooth as windows 8 system, the buyer need to consider this!I sincerely apologize for my previous review regarding the phone been unlock, I was at first having problem using it with a different carrier. Just figured it was actually me not turning if off/on when switching to a different carrier. So am sorry for that review and hoping to more business with you. Thank you!This phone is too bad. 1. It gets hang now and then for no reason and then I have restart to reuse it again. 2. Headphone sound gets uncontrollably loud if I install more apps then what it could handle. 3. I have reset this phone almost 10-15 times. 4. Very limited apps.seller was fine . Phone sucks . Cant get or send picks ' tried 2 sim cards.This is an AT&T phone so some of the features couldn't work. This is not a Factory unlocked phone. You can make and receive calls with it but nothing more.I bought the nokia lumia under the impression it was unlocked just to get out of town and present it to the reciept to realise it was not unlocked. i spent an extra 100 dollars to unlock it. I would advise you stay away from these people. They dont seem to be doing genuine business. Nokia lumia is a great phone but this company is not.love this phone it reads your text messages to you while you drivecoolI bought this phone because i heard so many great things about it however, it does NOT allow many apps at all quite disappointing since I love instagram this really broke my heart its a great phone but not if your an app personThe phone is not unlocked. It is from at&t. I cant get it to work with another carrier. I am feeling so disapointed. How can i do it?I am really not very happy with this phone...Windows and Bill Gates have gotten a little too cute with all the "features" this phone has to offer! Too complicated to add contacts; to complicated to bluetooth contacts from old phone to new one. Does not accept certain apps and features; ie, Yahoo Messenger; Amazon MP3 player; ... Also, got T-Mobile for my service (another "recommendation") and phone stays in "emergency" mode most of the time! Will need to change my service! Not good! Love Nokia, great camera; good phone and phone features; spent too much money to not use it now; but, truly disappointed! Wish I had purchased a Nokia WITHOUT Windows platform! Frustrated!I got this phone for presenting it to my dad. I highly recommend you guys to go for Lumia phone's if you are looking a phone for durability. If it accidentally falls from your hand i am sure it can withstand the impact pressure when compared to samsung.A very good phone, connection fast, an excellent size, especially for viewing websites. Allows sharing of a simple, fast and fluid. The downside of this device is that suddenly goes off, to turn it back on you have to perform a soft reset.good communication device.keeps dropping calls would not go on wifiThe phone is not what I thought it would be. It's more at&t then windows itself and the software is 7.8 and not windows 8. I should have read about it before buying it, but that's my fault .As promisedCell arrived in perfect condition however I do not get the color you requested, I wanted to get black and blue.Great phone. The only complaint is that it is older with software that does not support all of the apps my old phone did. But functionally it has no issues, especially for the price.I'm sure this phone will work for me just as it did said inother reviews, iI just ordered it but I'm kind of paranoid that it won't work. I have at&t so I'm sure it should work. If it does then I will be very much pleased and happy with my purchase!all in all good phone however i cant figure out how to use the zune music thing also the app store is very limited you cant connect via bluetooth to other phones for some reason i can't figure out camera is awesome the screen is clear and doesnt get scratched upI buy this cellphone but I really dont like it. because it has some defects sometimes it turn off for itself. and the battery has some problem because it not lasts long.thanksbuen producto recopmendable para todas aquellas persona que desee adquirido hagalo sin nungun miedo por son 100 % reponsable y confiableDaughter loves this phone! We decided to go with ATT so that we could get the full benefits of the phone.okI chose this phone because I like the features. The problem is when I send multiple text it come back UNSEND. I had to resend it individually. Also some incoming text I am unable to open because it shows a link to download media contact, but when I click on the link it doesn't download.HELPCouldn't get it to work at all.Just received my phone yesterday...and I love it!! It arrived on time which is a plus and was fully charged. Slipped in an AT&T micro sim and I'm up and running with no problems. For anyone wanting this phone it's best to check out Youtube first for a full reviews on the phone before buying. I also clicked on the seller's reviews as well to see what I might expect, and I had no problems with them either. I was skeptical at first to purchase this phone due to the bad reviews. But after taking the time to actually sit and watch the reviews I knew what I was getting before it got here. Even still I didn't expect this phone to be as nice as it is. I got home last night and it was in my box and I haven't been able to put it down yet!!! The only thing I didn't like though was having to use Zune for my music player, not a deal breaker though. Love how Facebook is integrated, I really don't have to download the app to access it. All in all this has been a great experience purchasing my first unlocked phone!!!I bought this phone on November/2012. About one week ago, its touchscreen simply stopped working. I've turned it off and on several times but to no success. Searched the net for an explanation and a solution with no success. The only solution was to take it to an authorized repair office. I'm still waiting for their answer about what happened to my phone.firstly, the screen is loose and always dead, I buy it last year, almost 7months ago, I am just a international student who just arrive in the US, and I don't know how to complain it. in the past 6 months , I think just let it go. But recently, So many bugs and dead!!! I think this is not a brand new phoneit's very clean, without any thing which shows that it has been used even once. the mobile itself is great, but i have another windows phone mobile, it's Samsung focus i917, i think its screen and colors is better than the Nokia one, but in games Nokia is better.'Cept that it's a Windows OS, the rest is good.Beyond happy with my Nokia! Thank you so much. I highly recommend this phone.very goodNice phoneIts an excellent pohone, i had a windows phone Samsung focus, an this nokia is wow,,,, is just excellent in eevery aspect, battery life, camera, sound, image, phone quality, and a super plus is the higher quantity and quality of nokia apps for windows phone.I needed a phone and after reading some positive reviews, I thought I'd give it a go. Purchase went great, got the phone in two days, as promised. Opened it up and tried to turn it on...and nothing. Figured it was completely dead so I put it to charge. Two hours later, STILL NOTHING. I've tried pretty much everything: holding the power button for almost 30 seconds, soft reset, hard reset, also tried a couple of other internet suggestions; nothing! Looked online and found that this was a regular occurrence with the Nokia Lumia phones. So disappointed, as I was looking forward to using it, but I guess that's what I get for buying a used phone. Will be returning tomorrow for a refund!The phone indeed was FULLY UNLOCKED and it was 100% brand new. Delivered as promised in pristine condition. Ran the new windows 7.8 update successfully with issues at all. Also the after sales service provided by orderinstant(USA) is just great and I would recommend this phone and the store 100%.Because the person's and other like it and it working best but I find it is not the best price could of be cheaper that it is become is not the best best it just goodMy Nokia lumina 900 was an dissapoint. The software was not good. The battery was damage ,the phone get not turn on.I both the phone in June and I use the phone for only two weeks.I have the phone now for souvenirs.takes some time understand the OS, but when you get it, you love it. is simple, but fabulous. everything in one place, everything is organized. orderinstant is a great seller. the phone is new, liberated from AT & T. works perfect in Venezuela. 100% recomendedI Ordered Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan Blue from BREED. But i got this phone with AT&T Carrier. Doesnt seem to be unlocked phone.I love the NOKIA Lumia 900 cellphone. It has great features that are easy to use. One slight problem I encountered since I am from another country (BELIZE) is that the phone was not accepting my SIM card. I had to take it to a phone company to remedy the situation.I love Nokia phones and ordered this as an upgrade.i love that it is a windows phone with all the latest apps and functions normally. Have not had an issue with this phone. It is sturdy and practical.I have received my order but I was amazed to discovered that the ear piece was missing. Please I want to know the reason why the ear piece did not came with the Nokia Lumia 900 because the description of the product says its a new productThe apps that are available works to perfection, however I have not been able to download or Bluetooth anything thus far,, and some features are not available outside of the U.S.A. Its still by far an outstanding phone suitable for the office people and studentsThe phone is great but people complain that they do not hear me well on the other side. Do not know if the phone I bough have problem or not. Also the phone turn off immediately although I made the software for 1 min.GREAT PRODUCT I AM LOST FOR WORDS IT WAS EVERYTHING I EXPECTED AND MORE. ANY PHONE FROM NOKIA IS GREAT THATS MY OPINIONexcelenteI was disappointed because the items were not new they were used even though amazon stated it was new . The phone was to expensive it should of been newFast shipment, phone exactly as described. Very pleased works with straight talk, I'm still trying to adjust from my iPhone, there are features the iPhone has that I miss & love that this phone doesn't have, but it's still a great phone.im not going to say anything about windows phone because you should already know but the hardware on this phone is beautiful i did not expect it to look this good. the camera is nice nothing amazing but not bad and the screen looks beautifulI had the Nokia Lumia 900 2 weeks before a line appeared down the middle of the screen and every call from that point forward had an echo. I contacted this Seller to see if they would let me exchange the phone for one that works. They refused. I will never purchase from this Seller again.I have no idea how good or how bad the phone performed. The Add that you had in your system was unclear and did not state clearly that you could not use it with Verizon. Just put which phone service that your products can be used with. It is stupid to make that information not available. So my review is based on your company falsely stating that the phone was unlocked. And I was aware of the fact that Verizon use CDMA vs what every ATT and other use.Windows phone. Enough said. No youtube or instagram.The phone got to my home at the best time thank you But I thought it was a good for as a gift but my wife did not no how to use it So she will stay with her Samsung but you yuys are bestThe product arrived bad, i feel so bad for this, i want to change for another cellphone, but i import to Per , it was imposible.very nice excellent cell phone access is highly recommended fast internet has many applications to download and it works very well the truth is excellent buy!okI recieved my phone and it came in a cushioned envelope the phone could've been broken. I emailed their customer service representives to inquire about the phone, because I was unable to use the data plan for the phone. I received a email that said and I quote "Hello, This phone is unlocked already you may have to get an updated sim from your carrier in order for all functions to work. Please send me a return request if you would still like to return the phone. Best Regards, Tech Addicts. " No other help I'm sure this isn't the first time that this has happened and why wouldn't I have a new SIM card. Well the answer was to download a program called Network Setup (it's free) and run it and your phone should work perfectly. It can be found in the marketplace.It keep charge only for 2 days if you use it fair...some software are not well supported the rest is okay.. CHARGE IS THE BIG PROBLEMA+++Works great and my son loved it!It is very hard to charge, I can't speak without the speaker on. It's really hard to use. I thought it was a new phone but the battery is really poorThis is excellent. I love it and it is just the kind of phone i have been longing for. You cannot beat the physical look. It is superb and has everything you ever want in a phone. NOKIA for lifeWindows phones are great.. especially love the active tiles which allow you to quickly access your apps. The only draw back I have seen so far is that there is not a windows app for Sirius XM radio. Someone need to quickly correct this issue and the phone will be the best I owned, so far.... Memories is great, accessing apps is very easy and the phone is a good sized for big handed people like myself.This is great i love it! but one thing to consider is its weight. its pretty bulky. its stilll a great product besides the weight.I like the large screen. My problem with this phone is that it's not that simple to put songs on it plus we can't choose our own ringtone besides downloading apps to do so. But it's a good phone I must say.Not one mark or scratch on the phone, works perfectly! Great price, great phone, fast shipping! Would recommend this phone to anyone, like it better than an iphone. Perfect for browsing net and can view all email accounts, plus pretty decent camera.It is not fully unlocked. Nokia and Amazon should look at this. I feel being cheated. Returning it wont be easy as I live out of USAIs a good phone, I liked, but it price uped and for that price I bought a moto G, is better.the Item is working fineI love this phone, phone gets a star zune gets zero star too difficult to use even for a pc nerd like me.it was defective. charge can not last for even one hour. the device was too big and heavy for me. functions were not user friendly. I didnt like it at all..Pretty old model for the price. Should not be for sale any longer!!!!!!!! There are much better phones today for cheaper prices.Not factory unlocked! Box is not Nokia, neither the charger. Brings a car charger and a cover I do not recommend you buy this product! I will try it soon to check what else is strangeThis phone is great! It's the best phone I've ever owned. I have been a dedicated high end Android user, but I found this phone to be a much more satisfying experience than either the iPhone or the Android phones. I want an OS that will meet my current needs and have a great user interface with a good amount of apps available for me to manage my daily mobile cell phone use, and not have to make expensive phone upgrades all the time. The Nokia Lumia 900 is a very well constructed phone.The aesthetics are pleasing, it's modern and function goes well beyond my expectations. It operates very fast and smooth even though it has a single core processor and only 512MB on RAM. If you are not aware of these specs, you might think it has a multi-core processor and more RAM on board. Nokia has come up with a phone that is both pleasing in design and very efficient when it comes to performance. The screen is bright with beautiful color saturated screen, and seems to have less glare outside when it's sunny. I can actually read the screen in such conditions. This is a big plus for me! It has 16GB of ROM, which is plenty by itself, but pared with the 7GB of frees cloud storage, it's more than enough for me. I really don't know what the fuss is about concerning the number of apps available for Windows Phones. Unless you are some kind of developer or techy person, there are plenty of apps available for this phone (both from MS, Nokia and third party) for the everyday cell phone user, even business user. The game apps seems so much more refined (probably because there are a lot of Xbox games available for this phone) and they run beautifully on this phone. I travel a lot and I'm really looking forward to using this phone on my trips. I have always liked Nokia phones because of the quality build and support. When I started using a smartphone I got away from Nokia phones and started my Android experience. Now that Nokia has chosen to team up with MS to re-enter the smartphone market, I wanted to try their phones again. What a lovely surprise! I'm crazy for the Lumia 900 and look forward to future offerings from Nokia, if and when I get tired of this phone or need to upgrade. I recommend this phone, it's quality at affordable prices. Great design, sturdy, fast and very easy to use, especially if you run Windows 8 on your computer. Try it! You won't be sorry. By it from Amazon, the best place to shop and that's coming from a person that doesn't or ever has worked for them. I forgot to tell you that there is an upgrade of the operating system to 7.8, which is very similar to Windows 8, available for this phone. It's very easy to install, just install Zune on your Windows computer, connect your phone to USB, and it will find the upgrade and instruct you how to install.Very goodGREAT PHONEGreat! I loved it :) I like how it processes functions, how it looks, screen is wonderful and even better than iphone 5's screen no argument. Apple are pioneers in smart phones yes, but NOKIA is getting there strongly.I'm not going to write 10 paragraphs, but this phone is great. Its super easy to use, fun, super fast and I love that it has internet sharing. I use it for my smart tv.lo compre por sugerencias de varios usuarios ademas siempre he comprado telfonos nokia espero que este modelo sea tan bueno como los anteriores que he tenidoThanks. Excellent.Bad phone never buy it .it is very complicated and you cannot download the apps you like.it takes you through whole lot.This phone was AT&T one but it was mentioned as factory unlocked at the time of purchase. Also, doesn't look as a new phone. Pretty much disappointed and not using at all.The product is not unlocked. Its locked to AT&T. Am disappointed with this product.In general I think that this cell phone is completely awesome the only think that I don't love at all is that the windows system needs to have more opportunity to be costumeI am having problems to get some services on my phone from tstt in Trinidad & Tobago, I need information for APN settings thxsThe phone came bad, every time you activate the bing search like voice commands, update and restoration factory defaults and nothing remains the same desepcionado of this purchase.I bought this phone based off of the good revewes, to bad they lied. I had this a phone a period of 2 months befor it stoped working, it comes on, says nokia and that is it. I tried to return it, but because it was past 30, days amazon would not take it back. I tried to contact the celler, and all i got was a blank page. Forget bad costomer care, try no customer care! If you want a 200! doller paper waight, than this is the phone for you. But if you would like a phone that actualy works, I suggest you look elsware!good morning, sorry wanted to charge the product number order # 108-2608509-7165038 and I have it in my hands, I find the option to pay again. do not understand why they do not charge the product. greetings before hand.love it but was defective had to return it bought another one and now the battery is the problem. I don't think that am supposed to order a nokia lumia 900 am getting all defective phones. SMSProduct was just as it was advertised and my daughter LOVES her new phone. Great purchase. Would recommend & buy from again.Am still learning the phone but so far, so good.....I eventually want the 1020, but for now this is a positive and affordable alternative.Not really a good phone, advise you not to buy itesxcelente phone, is very nice and very updated features, the camera has a spectacular and very definite resolution, the internet speed is great no doubt this phone is greatWaste of moneyFor a great phone, no more to say, this cell phone got everything you need, robust desing, lot of app's.not that gooda really a bad phone! Tellme" speek feature lauches for no reason!!!!!!! Search lauches for no reason !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not even can earn one star!I used to love Nokia phones because I consider them user friendly, so I bought this phone with the same expectations, however I was disappointed to find out so many faults with the phone, firstly, the battery life is nothing to write home, the touch screen freezes at will and 6 months after purchase, the phone finally stop working, I took it to Nokia care center where I was informed that the warranty on it has lapsed, and the phone could not be repaired, anyway that sounded the death knoll on the phone that I barely used for 6 months.exelenteVery bad product. it was awful and nothing worked. Not able to install apps and not even able to save contacts.. The phone does not look new and when tried to return the product, i had to pay for the shipping . awful experience. DO NOT buy from this seller..Its completely wrong. This phone has windows phone 7.8 and is too old. Do not order it.I ordered 2 of these phones (1 for me and 1 for my hubby). They are both perfect and work well with our carrier! Thank you so much!!great phone, with great features.Every thing else is perfect but i was really disappointed with the market place for not having most of the common top apps.. If you are a heavy gamer too then this phone is not for you. But other features are greatniceThe product indicate.d as an unlocked phone didn't work on my SIM card. I think that was deceit.I wasted a whole time placing that order.I think the phone is okay. however it seems to have been previously contracted to AT&T though was said to be(and is) unlocked. Some functions cannot work with other networks as i have had to discover.I think not too bad but to be honest i really don't know how to use windows phone so it is very difficult for me to download the softwareI like the mobile, but it is not 100% UNLOCKED. It has the AT&T Brand and Software. Useful to work in the USA, but not 100% functional in Mexico. I can't share wire less connection with Laptops or tablets. The mobile is slaved with AT&T. Other wise connection with my data provider is good. Signal strenght is not good as iphone 4s.The device takes great pictures and videos I love it, the quality is more than I expected. Great phone for students.I bought it 7months ago and it still working.i definetely love it...the camera is great, u can do anything u want with.the only point that bothers me is that i can t have instagramwindows market haws little to no apps, the phone settings are very limited and no phone music application. also my screen broke already :cthe picture icon reflect many little pictures fromdifferent friends, very interesting. easy to use. Nokia 900 gives big screen, 4g, dual lens camera...better.This cell phone is not unlocked and doesn't work with GSM system I don't know whythaks very much the cellphone is awesome.but i dont know if the cellphone work with location of venezuela....?i need to know....originalThe phone has some problems on its own; however, when I complained it with Amazon, they did act fast and helped me out with my problems. Just love Amazon customer services.The phone is defective, there is a problem with the phone voice receiver. When I Call someone using this phone when getting a lot of disturbance. the headset given with this are not working properlyThis is totally frustating as though I have paid for the new one and extra shipping cost it arrived at me as a used one which is contradictory with the add heading. Now I have wait without any cell because of this rubbish.The apps on the phone don't work. That's a big part of the phone and they don't work. Angry because of this.Product arrived on time. So far I have had no problems with the product. Seems robust like I expected from Nokia. I have never owned another brand and this hasn't changed my preference yet.This excellent this nokia 900, fully unlocked and this is their main actractivo. Unfortunately not included headphones is always better that all accessories are includedBattery isn't as good as I expected from Nokia, if not left alone would go flat in 12 hours. But overall really good. ImpressedIs a good phone, but it was from at&t and have some functions block, as the same as the presentation y really bad, but the 3 stars is more for the phone, than for the deal.The phone came in as advertised and working perfectly. HThe offer says it was completely and unlocked, that is not true. I put on my Orange Microsim and says it is invalid. He says he admits MicroSD and no. I am Dominican Republic, and I do not have a way easy return de item. I am a big client. La oferta dice que estaba desbloqueado completo y no es cierto. Le coloco mi sim de Orange y dice que no es vlido. Igual dice que admite microSD y no lo hace. I apologize for the translation changed the context of my complaint.I have been using this phone for a week and so far, it is great! I love the phone. I bought it as used but it looks brand new and the Shipping from amazon came in 24 hours. Excellent deal!granite its a good phone but it lacks tons of apps and games.. o only use yahoo mail, Facebook and youtube and it has them but i was not satisfied with the windows store at allReally nice for its price and function efficiently. Its battery last for a long time. it has nice sensitive touch screen. Above all, it is fabulousbienvery good phone. work goodThe phone is NOT unlocked and I had to pay extra to make it unlocked. will think twice about ordering again.exellent....Does not impress ..This device sold by Open Group Wireless will be in the Att box it is unlocked and brand new!! Only down side is os version is older with "Zune" installed as a music player!The phone itself is value for money. Not many apps & features like iphone. battery lasts about 1-2 days max depending on how much you talk. iphone battery life is much better.THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED. aside from paying for the phone i had to pay 100 to actually get it unlocked. aside from that its a great phone.Hvac80 is a professional online trader. We have settled the difference amicably and I would like to do more business with him in the future.Phone's good as described. However cannot be turned on normally due to battery drained out, I had to open it & boost it.I chose this rating because the product met my expectation! if I have more money to buy phones as gift for my friends, I will not hesitate to buy the same product.This phone gives me so much. It is highly competitive with my Apple ipad in performance and applications. I judge it very excellent in performance so farIs a nice cell, good cam and have windows phone... so, if you like windows 8 you will like this!!! It's nearly to other Tops smartphones, but your price is very down!!!when the articulated reached me I had to pay around 26 dollars moreI am so happy with my new phone, I would recomend this cell phone to anybody. the price was really goodThe Phone came in a fake package. The Att sign was just a swirl, and when you open the box its just the phone and when you open it up it has a charger a only one manual. The phone also had major bumbs on the bottom, but I orderd a case so it didnt really matter. The software is great. The marketplace had almost every app I needed and more. It had whatsupp, viber, facebook, kik. The x-box live feature was good. Maden 12 was like $2. Overall the phone is great and for the price whoo. Better than my moms iphone 5.i read all the review and it honestly seemed like a bad phone but everything i read was wrong everything was great i love itbecause it has at&t logo and hangs alot plus screen black out :(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! waste of money i feel sumtyms argggggggggShuts down all the tine. Took it many nokia service people and told me problem with battery. Have not used lumia 900 since i bought it because of problemI think this guy is a swindler.He sent me a charger that wasn't the one for this cellphone and headphones differents too. He did not say that all that stuff were cheap.I want to download songs on the phone . How to do so when there is no spacwe for a memory card and when the phone is hooked up to my PC the PC is not recognizing the phone.This phone has met my expectations. I love it and so does everyone who seed it, it was shipped just like it was described and I am enjoying otA lot of apps didn't work , phone was slow in responding. Couldn't screen shot.This phone is awesome. It works well and has amazing features. the only downside with buyng a windows phone right now is the app store. not many apps to choose fromApps are limited and need google apps need to work here. Transfer even on windows machine very tedious process. Finally gave upI liked this phone so much but was frustrated to have two main problems. one of them is distinguishing connected Arabic text, where after doing some research and using some demo phones that uses windows 8, this problem does not exist so I hope they will fix this issue in all the windows 7 phones with the 7.8 update. The other problem is the echo the other side keep hearing when I send or receive phone calls, hope this problem will be fixed soon.Received this last month and and only problem i have encountered is that the person on the other end of the line barely hears meIt is a cel like a computer it is wonderful you must try to apreciate it i love to use itBecause is a good cellular telephone l only need now my case l hope coming soon thank you l love my nokia900is working very good and l really love this phone. working very good for me l will ask you jist to take a close look.l believe you will love it tooThere is no upgrade to Win 8.0 This is the most annoying part. Picture quality is not so great. Model wise it is very nice.it wasn't working and i had to send it back. i was mad because i was so exitend about my new phone. It was awfulthis mobile is not connecting in Bluetooth to other mobile and download problem and not recognizing in computer.Skpe doesn't work anymore in this model. This is a useless phone now. Don't buyGreat screen, very functional and easy to use, did not realise data and internet access would be slower due to the fact I did not use ATT network. Also lost quite a few of the apps and functions that are only ATT compatible. Still all in all a decent phoneIt is amazing just wish had more apps but otherwise its prefect it is alot faster then my old apple iPhone 4Not Unlocked and Probably not new, Make sure to read the reviews before making your decisionNokia arrive really soon. The item was old and had been returned by someone. It's my fault I should have check the photos for a couple of times before buying. Not totally crazy with Nokia Lumia 900 afterall I've seen it. I did returned it and it was easy an smooth seller and amazon respond as soon as I wrote them about itI was very disappointed. When I purchased the phone it said new, but it wasn't. The phone had a couple scratches and it was repackaged. It did not come in a Nokia lumia box and the only thing I got was a charger. The phone itself works fine but the seller failed.excellent article, and great buying mode, wifi is a flying machine. I recommend it, I really like this product, it is certainly excellentThis phone was not unlocked, working or new. It came with a generic charger and not well packed, seems like it was refurbished or used. After trying to use AT&T and T-Mobile SIM cards, I was able to make phone calls but couldn't hear what the other person was saying, and I was not able to receive phone calls at all. Overall, the worst buying experience through Amazon, so much, that I decided to return the phone.everything is perfect, good job Nokia, low price and great product. I will recommend everyone to buy this phone .Bought it Brand new and it wouldn't even read the SIM card that $200 I've completely wasted.it says unlocked but its with ATT, and I don't like the quality of it...THEY HAVE TO GIVE WHAT IT DESCRIBE WHAT IT IS..ecelenteThis device is really amazing, with lot of possibilities. It has a very speedy access to every connection demands. I am very satisfied with it.excelente, dinamico, muy versatil , la camara es de alta resolucion ,las dimensiones son modernas y funcionales me gusta muchobecause i could'nt update it and shuffle background by facebook but i like it .It very cute and nice so it keep itIts a wonderful phone. Maps are amazing. camera is superb even in low light. All features are good except it slightly overweightexcelente telefono, ultima generacion, lo recomiendo al 100 porciento, la entrega llego en el tiempo justo y ahora lo disfruto al maximovery easy to use.. good cam.. fast downloading app.. and is cute 100% recommended .. I'll be waiting for lumia 920 and windows 8It surpassed all my expectations and the features are really cool. I would recommend purchase to all. Enjoy! i am sure enjoying mineIt didn't good because Battery doesnt last more then 2-3 hours.They said its new but I found scratch on back. Even when I made call I couldn't hung it. Its horrible experience.Nokia lumia 900 not detecting SIM in india.....not sure why .....I installed micro SIM but not working...Can any one suggest ..All this items are good and l love everything that l have bought from Amazon.responsible 100%Never like itGOOD FNEI must admit I was desperate for a phone and excited about the price and didn't realize it was one of the first versions, much older. I like windows set up it is very easy to use. If you love browsing lots of websites it can be a pain because it doesn't support flash player. I'm getting another phone soon and have had this one for three months. If you aren't super high tech needy this is a good smart phone especially for first time smart phone users.Es un excelente aparato cumple con los requerimiento que yo necesito es un equipo muy bueno lo recomiendo ,Gracias Buenas NochesCostumers realy have to like windows phone os, and this phone its a good way of have everithing synchronyze with your computerI am pleased with the phone and wireless extra is willing to support you with any problems that may occur.It connected me with my family .i am using it without any problem.the best is the camera which is 8mega pixels.I totally loved the phone, but unfortunately it was locked, but. I was looking for an unlocked phone. i am very disappointed by this situation.they offer this item for new and its not new at all..IT IS NOT NEW. A lot of old pics in phone memory dating from 2010Loved it!I can say I was truely deceived. The phone was described as Factory Unlocked but I was shocked to discover that the phone is locked even as I write this review. I wrote to Amazon and they gave me back $25 for each of the phone for me to unlock it in my local. The issue is that I have not been able to do that.Exelent product just as shown and described on the sellers page... it also works perfect.. its exactly what i expected...it say its factory unlock its not true i bought this phone and it isnt unlocked. that the only pb... i recommend itI bought this for my bro who's studying in the States and he loves it so far, he said. Makes me wanna get one for me.Excellent phone, meets standars offerd by the dealerBought it for my fianc for a birthday gift. He says it's awesome !Loved it!Nokia is Nokia, not matter how Nokia took to relase or get in to the Smartphone world, and with Microsoft it would be number one againNokia Lumia 900 Black Factory Unlocked, this smart phone blocked three times since I purchased it. The LCD screen does not work.Good for the priceMy husband loves this phone, is unlock but need Micro Sim card ,which you can get for free with T Mobile!I had the exact phone b4 and that is why I bought another just like it. I know it is unlocked but I thought it was a brand new one??? But somethings keep popping up for me to enter into a contest and pick some gifts and I do not want that. it's not like I bought it from my cell provider so I can't call them to find out of how to get that gone. I'm not technical savvy - & don't want to be - that's why I bought the same phone that I've had for 2 years.Thanking you for the interest in our companyThe phone was not as sold. It was not unlockedBad phonerecomendado a al comunidadThe phone was and still is great. I am happy I purchased it. I will be back for other needs.Great phone fun out of the box. I am an apple fan but the nokia lumia is better than the iphone 5Very Used Phone ! Be aware for the next buyers ! ! ! It's not what you expect from this Nokia Lumia..This product have an ATT app. in my country dont have ATT services,, How can change this? or delete this?I just bought this new cell phone through Amazon website from JOYCELLS. Opened the box and noticed that the headphone and data cable were missing. The box was just simply a carton box and it doesnt look geniune at all. The handset had some scratch at the back near to the camera, was an AT&T phone. I wrote to Amazon and they helped me with all means they could. Thanks to Amazon.excelente productoThis phone has not meet my expectationsThe phone is used and was not unlocked I have to unlocked the phone and cut my card. Best regardsExcellentExcelenteBest smart phone for the price paid. It has all the features including front camera for skype and other video calling apps. battery lasts long compared to samsung and apple phones. bit heavy compared to samsung and apple.Cell did not have the headset and I have no found one. Headset for this kind of cell are expenseno appsnunca recibiexelentegrestIt's a amazing mobileWorst phoneNice phoneI RECOMMEND GREAT BUYWorking very wellEverything was like it supposed to be, on date, time and a beautiful product. I love it, thanks -! .Satisfiedvery goodwas the one I wantJust great!muy biengracias muy buenothe deal was amazingexcelente movilI bought it for my wife as a present for our 19th anniversry. She just loved it great connectivity and applications!Very goodIt's a lovely phone.. Absolutely enjoying it . . All my friends and associates admire and envy it. Especially the picture quality... And sleek design!If only all phones were Nokia, then the world would be a happier place! No other phone for me! Great!"hey, i received the phone on time but i have had so many issues with it the few days i have had it. It has echoes when i make phone calls whereby i cant be heard on the other side, the phone freezes when i try to unlock the screensaver, and it shows sim card error when the sim card is ok because i tried it on another phone. I'm really disappointed in this purcahse..get back to me ASAP thanks."Got this phone and as hard as I tried to get it to work on the T-mobile data network, it just refused. Wi-Fi was great, but not on T-Mobile pre-paid data plan. Needless to say it proved useless while out of the house!I recommend it to every good team, in every way I hope q buy it has everything you need to be satisfied by the buyer.My brand new nokia lumia 900 (I had it for just 30 days) died on me all of a sudden! I lost all my numbers, pictures, info... Interestingly, I could not send it back because it all happened the very next day after I could return it!!!! Never had a phone experience that bad!!!!My phone wouldnt charge and i also waited a week after i got my phone in the mail for a Wireless charging plate and it still didnt charge. i also open the phone up and found missing 3-4 missing screws so, my phone was tampered with when in the description NEW NOKIA LUMIA nothing saying it was used and opened that is false advertising and im PISSED OFF about all of it!!!It's NOT UNLOCKED! I have got an AT&T locked phone and can't use it. it said to be able to return by October 16th, 2014, but when I'm trying to click on "return", it's said "it's not eligible to return". Can't use it, can't return, what should I do now? Frame it to hang on the wall like a painting? I really need a phone as soon as possible and it happened this way. It's horrible. I want money back. DON'T BUY THIS.What can I say, it is nokia again, with this hardware, it doesn't work well because of stupid windows. Bluetooth doesn't work. Forget multitasking. You can not receive calls from skype and tango if they are not running in session. Camera is fine but not good as iphone or samsung. What you give is what you get, if you want a simple phone, you can buy..This phone is the first smart phone i have ever owned. It's a good looking phone, and takes pretty pictures. Everything is pretty good. But the main flaw for me is the battery life is not very long (especially if i'm using apps or taking photos), and once the battery dies it takes a while in the charger to be able to turn back on again. It's a hassle having to recharge it all the time.only reason i gave two star is because 1: its new 2: it works with my network (t-mobile) 3: it came on time. bad things are for the money i spent i thought it would be a new (not Refurbish) factory (From Nokia, not ATT). i know it's refurbish because of the box it in it. the box is a plain att box with no picture of the phone or imei/barcode on the box. also the plastic covering on the phone is has some bubbles that I can really notice.Received 2 phones... One does not work... It keeps shutting off after calls..This phone was brand new Nokia Lumia 900 in its original box and was shipped very fast,but what i didn't like is that was an AT&T unlocked phone but not factory unlocked as was stated.I needed factory unlocked.When i called i found that this seller never sells factory unlocked but AT&T.Bought it for a friend, he is very happy with this product. Very nice quality, still have to test it for some weeks before writing a full review!!!It has a good quality and it fits really well in your hands. It's very easy to get used to windows phone, but I think that it needs to more personalize options.I don't like it cause it doesn't work as I expected........ORDER PLACED, October 25, 2013, Order Details | Invoice ORDER #111-4433141-7083445 I have ordered Nokia Lumia 900 for my wife and want she to start the phone. Surprised that Phone is not getting charged, Looks like some defective device, as return date also completed now. If somebody help....would be gr8The phone had great features but I could not get picture messages or group messages nor could I send them. I have had the phone for a few months and now my battery does not last within the day even when I am not using it. I would not buy this phoneI loved the phone but it started malfunctioning in late January early February. It keeps freezing up on me and the battery dies way too fast. Thing is, I'm in the caribbean now and can't return or replace it.not happy with the limited apps for this phone. I guess I will try it for a few more months.Did not like returnedok....... so what happened with my order. It is clearly advertised that its a CYAN BLUE phone. instead i got a black!!!! unbelievable. I paid for the cyan. How did this happen????I am satisfiedI ordered this phone for my daughter on July 30, 2013. Got it a week after, it DOES NOT WORK now,it was not dropped or any such thing, it just decided to not turn on one day even after charging it. Therefore she only received one month of usage of this phone. After this happen, I opted to contact the seller to get either a refund or a replacement, i am being told i CANNOT!!! This is utter crap, now i have no idea what steps to take next..... NEEEEDDDDD HEEEELLPPPPP!I received this phone and on powering it up all I got was a white screen, unable to see any icon.Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan BlueYes the phone is AMAZING, for me, but It was a gift for a friend, so for the experience of buy at Amazon to me was a little disappointed, Why? First: they say the delivered was free, but they charged, Thanks for the refund but it is not more easy do the things right the first time? Second: the package, I had to wait a week more, but because of travel scheduled I had to wait another 3 weeks to got the phone Third: So maybe Amazon have no control about the second but they need to take in consideration that can of things to future referencesAll accessories attached were not original. The computer connection did not work and the headphone and mic are so bad. The telephone freezes if you try to work with it while charging. The charger is not original either.It's working as expected that's why i gave give star.It was almost new but very disappionted when it was opened before it arrived anf headset was gone from th ebox. I did receive credit back though after i mailed amazon which i really appreciate that,I bought the phone expecting tht it would be unlocked as advertised and was very disappointed tht it wasn't. Had to wait a whole 20 days to get it unlocked and paid a whole lot more. Tht was not cool but I got it to work and the data service still had issuesI find that Nokia phones overall provide excellent features. This Lumia in particular is very easy to use, has a modern design and, the best, the price is very good.huge ATT mark exist. cannot read tmobile sim card. not factory unlocked, not even unlockednot factory unlocked, not even unlockedvery nice phone works very good and looks very nice but is not factory unlocked and I did not get any headphones.Sometimes the phone hangs while receiving or ending calls and then shuts down for a long long long time. It has to have specific head phones that only work with windows os. And when you go buy head phones at stores, obviously the sales person won't let us pop up the packaging to try out and find out that it works on this phone. So ended up buying couple of them and none of them worked. But it does not say anywhere that this will require specific head sets and the universal ones do not work anywhere here.I bought it and it arrived on time. THE WIFI WOULD NOT CONNECT. HUGE FLAW. I wish i had not bought this. i will be returning it shortly for a refund and buy a phone that actually works.THE ONLY THING I RECEIVED IN MY PHONE IS THE PHONE AND A HOUSE CHARGER. I DON'T KNOW HOW TO OPEN THE PHONE OR HOW TO OPERATE THE PHONE. CAN YOU SEND ME THE REST OF THE STUFF TO GO ALONG WITH THE PHONE PLEASE.Nice phone still trying to figure it out though. My first smart phoneThis phone is not unlocked as was advertised on the web. You will have to find someone to unlock it for you and it can cost about $40(and some places will not touch it ). This phone was not knew as was advertised, the box was open and the device has been used. This phone does not properly work. It can't reliably connect to the T-mobile network, it will connect and drop connections soon after. I searched the Web and found out that this is a known design issue which is driving a lot of people crazy trying to configure the phone APN to work properly. The network will work for few minutes and then disappear if the phone goes to sleep or gets turned off. You will have to play with it for long time, tuning it On-Off-On , reset etc. before it comes back- BAD, BAD, BAD please avoid the headache and stay away from this model. I like the window interface, it is easy to use, but the phone network connection issue drove me crazy, and I have to return it. Now I am waiting to see if the seller will honor the return policy.The phone is great, but the downside is the metal part on the back gets scratched fast. I really recommend !!!Buy a cell phone factory unlocked lumia 900 and sent me an unlocked at&t which is limited un its functions as internet sharingIts a pretty sturdy phone as for the feel. I havent used it sufficiently for knowing whether it works without a glitch.it did not meet the description. It was not unlocked and was damaged, so no one can unlock it and I've been phone-less for 3 weeks now.I ordered 2 phones of same type to gift my dad and mom, I received 2 phones on time and I was very happy for it. When I opened the box, I saw both the boxes were not sealed and one phone had a scratch on the sceen and on the other one, a plastic chip was ripped. This part made me very dissapointing. Finally, I decided not present these phones to my parents and all my plans were messed up. I will never ever do or suggest any one to order with TABLET DISTRIBUTORS.muy buen productoits not pakd wit accessorys. and combaind wit other brand items (like charger is from htc) i hope amazon will care about itnice cellphoneall very well, shame that my country does not allow the import but was very well attended thanks.. Be happy..open group wireless sells defective electronics! my battery died in this phone in less than 3 months. buy from anyone elseOtimo telefone, apesar de nao vir os acessorios como estava no anuncio, no demais  bom, d para o gasto.The phone came in a small box that was marked with a fake AT&T logo and it has no OEM packaging nor the booklet that contains the SIM chip, the instructions on how to operate the phone, put in the memory chip, etc. On the inside of the box it says" The cellular phone contained herein DID NOT emanate from the OEM, and no representations nor warranties are made as to the source of the origin. But in the ad I bought from, it said that the phone is NEW, FACTORY UNLOCKED. Hmmm, curious. Then the phone MAY be used or new or a refurbished model restored to operable condition. Bottom line.... is this a NEW PHONE with a valid AT&T / Nokia warranty? The ad doesn't say any of this other stuff / B.S. in it. That's unfair. I like buying from Amazon too. I will try the phone out since it just got here today on 29 JAN 2013. But I'm worried.... is their a "CARFAX" for cellular phones? :(excellent, clear, fast and easy to use, but it does not link songs (e.g. mp3) directly as a ring tone.I am sure this is a good product, but was unable to use it. When the Nokia 900 arrived, I found that it used a micro SD and mine was the regular size. Maybe I did not read all the information before I ordered. Anyway, I returned to Amazon and was refunded. Thanks Amazon.Having problems hearing people on this phone, not what I expected.The product was supplied on schedule. My reservation for this Product is that IS NOT fully FACTORY UNLOCKED! Some functions (BLUETOOTH, INTERNET SHARING) are not working, they are locked to "att.com" The product is very good and has become a mobile office of a sort for me, within the very short period I own it! I recommend the genuinely FACTORY UNLOCKED to all international buyers outside United State of America.It is not listened, only in speker and spend is very dificultSupposed to be an unlocked gsm phone,but after activating it with straight talk just says requires code to use on service.! used code I setup I presume I either need the right code from ATT,Nokia or strtaight talk(I have 4 try left :()The problem it does not hv instagramI don't like it because I said I want Android but Windows was sent to meexcelenteDont buy. This phone is crap.this is a great phone i have no complaints and it arrived pretty fast to if you buy this nokia you wont be disappointed plus first time trying the wp7 and I think is pretty good to.excelenteVery goodit says their selling it brand new and when I caught a cold was used in a little scratched up and cracked and I got a f***** cutThis phone is wonderful, Nokia ride on give us more. i plead with the manufacturer to allow windows 7 phones upgrade to windows 8 when its released. ThanksI rate it with one star for the following: the screen is scratched the four corners of the phone are battered and deformed The screen showed humidity inside Charger is generic no hands free device PRODUCT IS NOT AS DESCRIBED ON PAGEI love the phone, but with 2 days of use and the battery lasts 18 not horan saving mode, or sold me a phone repaired or bad wine I battery.Bought this phone as a xmas gift for myself. Spent too much on the product and the seller took forever to ship it even though I had 2 day shipping on it. I ended up receiving the phone 2 weeks later. They promised me a $25 refund which I still have not seen on my credit card. When the phone finally got here everything seemed ok, until I found out it was defective from the internal hardware. Apps started by themselves randomly whenever the speaker was used and I could not use it too much. I sent it to Nokia in Dallas, Texas under the warranty it still had and they sent it back to me in 2 weeks with a letter that said "we could not re-create your problem, and therefore could not repair your device." I went to a local cell phone store and bought a Blackberry Bold for $180 instead which has performed great! I stored this Nokia phone for about 2 weeks and I ended up selling it on craigslist for $90. THE PHONE COST ME $300 HERE AT AMAZON and I only used it for about a week. BE careful with this seller and this phone.I bought the phone and it was nice but has one problem that my husband did not like. It did turned off and didn't wanna turn on when somebody was calling. So I ruterned the phone. I did ask the seller to send me a new one and they did - but it was the same phone - it even had my baby's picture which we took the first time we used the phone to see the quality of camera - and charger was folded the same way I did it and did not have plastic covers and black cover from front and back of the phone were put there for the second time for sure. But they stil keep telling me it was a new phone. So please buy the phone but NOT from this seller - because the phone is good but service is awfull. And they refunded money but took 10% off the price I paid originaly because they say it was a new phone!!!!The SIM Slot was Tampered. Had AT&T logo and had to unlock the device manually. Had to do a lot of unnecessary work with the mobile as the it was not as mentioned in the description or the photo. I wouldn't recommend Amazon to any of my fiends, I had a better experience with BestBuy.com and Ebay.com. Even the Sim slot was tampered in the top , I was helpless as I wanted to return the device but as I did not have a backup phone and was travelling out of town for more than a month I am forced to using this device.THIS IS A AMAZING CELLPHONE.. YOU'LL FINE A LOT OF APPS AND A LOT OF THING TO DO IN IT. I SUGEST IT AS ONE OF THE BEST CELLS I EVER HAD..Phone is designed for At&T only, does not take other providers Sim. , don't know why it's called unlocked GSM phone, if you can only use it with AT&TFirst of all the delivery of the product was late. Coming to the device, Phone looks as if it is being refurbished by the seller. Nothing else comes with it, just a phone and a charger. Not to mention a pathetic packaging. Lumia 900 is an old product now and unless you are a lumia freak and money is a constraint for buying unlocked lumia 920, I wouldn't recommend anyone buying this phone while plethora of other phones available in market.it was not unlocked at all one month after purchasing the phone i decided to try it and t was unlock sufferationit freeze up too much it is the worst buy i ever than.... when you are turn it off!!! i would love my moneyIf you are looking to purchase an unlocked phone do not buy!! The phone it self is great but if you are looking to activate with any company other than at&t buying this phone serves no purpose. It cost me 100 bucks to activate the phone with another service (t-mobile) only to find out that this phone was not unlocked. I have been a week without a phone and it is really nerve racking. It will be at least another 50 bucks to get it unlocked in which I will be waiting 3-5 buisness days to get my phone back. Me personally, cannot wait that long. I will be asking for a refund!!Hi, I bought a cell phone by Amazon with the following description: "Nokia 900 Lumia Blue (Cyan) Factory Unlocked", Sold by: BLUTEKUSA. When I got the phone I was surprised that box and cell phone were "at&t", since the main reason why buy the cell phone was because it was factory unlocked. Also when I insert the SIM, the phone displays a message requesting an unlock code. I wrote to the company and I received excellent advice to unlock the phone. I am very happy with my phone. It's great Thanks.Don't you guys ever buy any phone from this company , they will see you used phone and its a all defective . i bought one and when i received it in the mail the box was looking old . and it have only charger no , headphone nothing . and it has problem of voice rebounding so i told them to changed it for me and they send another one . but i didn't open the box. i only open the package , i didn't open the box because the seal of the box looks already open and the box look used ,The box shows heavy use, the cell can see that they have been using and most importantly is incomplete, ie missing the handsfree, did not come in the box. I demand the return of my money and deceiving buyersGreat phone. Used an iPhone before and I am much happier now with the Lumia. I did not had a tousand apps in my iPhone so the transition was nice and easy.I received this product yesterday and firstly the box was in a terrible condition it looked like if a "mechanic" rubbed his hands all over it.... If that wasn't bad enough when i opened the box the charger was not in it's original packaging and the actual handset looked like the person who handled it was having fries for lunch because it was greasy and disgusting. The film which protected the screen had so many bubbles indicating it was removed and replaced which would be an indication that the phone was used. I payed for a new phone not a used phone and this item was purchased to be given as a christmas gift.... How can i give this to someone? I will be returning sameI just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience. From now on I'll just use Windows phone for my daily use. My next gadget will be Nokia Lumia 920. I just can't look foward for this phone to hit the market. Nokia designs the best and most beautiful phones and now they work with the best OS on the market. Well done, Nokia and Microsoft! Now, let's talk about Apps. I've read many comments of people talking about the ''lack of app'' on the Marketplace. I can tell my own experience. I come from Android and also I had a Apple iPhone 4S and the only App missing on the Marketplace (talking about me and the apps I use the most) are Instagram and OVO (and I've heard Instagram is comming soon to Windows Phones before this year ends). I have Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Foursquare, MSN, KiK, Viber, Badoo, SkyDrive, Tango, Skype,Youtube,Shazam, SoundHound, Netflix, IMDb, Evernote, ESPN, CNN, Univision,SkyMap, TuneIn Radio, WhatsApp, Wikipedia and Weather much more... Also the Nokia App (Nokia Maps, Drive, City Lens, Music, Trailers, Creative Studio, Counters, Soundtracker, Transit, Contacts Transfer, Camera Extras and much more). The Marketplace keeps growing. The integration of Facebook, twitter, MSN, LinkedIn and Foursquare in my Windows Phone is AMAZING! I can put comments and give ''likes'' directly from my phone due to the AMAZING integretion between those Apps and my phone. and I don't have to go to the Facebook or Twitter App to do that. I'm totally in love with my Nokia Lumia 900 and its amazing OS! I 100% recommend it! If you wanna be different, switch and go for it! Nokia Lumia phones the amazing experience!A friend showed me his 900 and I was so impressed I went out and bought a used one (locked to AT&T) to try out. I tested it on the NET10 network, (which uses AT&T) with the impression that Nokia phones were good, but the Windows software was not....it turned out the Nokia phone is the best I have ever owned, the Windows 7.8 is also very good. The phone is very attractive and has caught a lot of attention, it is extremely well built, very clear screen, with scratch free gorilla glass and a rigid case made of some kind of resin. Pluses... Calls are very clear, Both cameras are amazing, the flash is also very good. The camera button is very conveniently located. The charge lasts all day better than previous phones. The speaker is excellent for a tiny device like this...I am very impressed. Skype is just phenomenal on this phone! best quality sound and video I have ever seen on a phone! All the APPS I need are there! Nokia Maps...BRILLIANT! Bing Translater....BRILLIANT! I also use Skype, Google voice, Watsapp, Amazon Mobile/Kindle, Netflix, Facebook, Twitter, Tune In Radio & Tango on this phone! Has yet to freeze or crash after two weeks. A first! Minuses There is no external memory slot (though it does have a built in 16GB memory, more than enough for my needs) Battery is non-removable (shame) Conclusion. This phone has really impressed me and I would recommended it to anyone who needs a well built phone that is reliable, with clear calls and decent battery life! Is it better than an I phone? No idea, never owned one! It is better, way better than some Android phones I have owned but I am sure as good as the current higher end Android, it just depends on your personal preferences. As regards "APPS" I found all the apps I needed, Nokia Maps is an impressive stand in for Google Maps, Bing Translater is really very impressive too! I have had no regrets at all about switching to this phone and if you are willing to try it, I think you will like it!When this phone arrived, there was a not-so-minor issue with the screen-- it wouldn't turn off. I immediately contacted Windows and discovered that purchasing the phone through Amazon means that it does not come with the "guaranteed" 1-year warranty ordinarily associated with all Windows products. Normally, I would take full blame for not conducting proper consumer research. However, this is a factory issue, as indicated by two different Windows technicians. It's disheartening to know that this company refuses to take pride in their products and repair or replace the item. At one point, I even drove 1 hour to a Windows store because they promised to resolve the issue. Upon arrival, the technician turned down the brightness, downloaded an awful energy saving app, then told me it was fixed. It wasn't. My phone lives on a charger because it dies within one hour of being unplugged. At the same time, it is not usable while plugged in. It's like owning a tiny, dying man who needs to be put out of his misery. Most USB cables and public charging stations do not work for this device. So, if it dies and you have a thousand USB cables at your disposal, it doesn't matter. Nothing helps. On multiple occasions it didn't work when I needed it most. It's refusal to properly charge in a reasonable amount of time means that 911 and other emergency services are not easy to contact. It takes 6 hours to charge to 100% using the cable included in the box. There are almost no useful apps compatible with this device, which is a given because it's a Windows product. When you sync it with a computer, then you can no longer download podcasts or music directly from the Marketplace. You will still be charged for the media, but it will not appear on your phone. The screen freezes 10-20 times each day. The camera button is dreadful, as is the inconsistent picture quality. You cannot listen to voicemails in public because of the strange set up for volume control. Normal phone calls are fine. But, when playing a voicemail, either you hear nothing, or everyone within 10 miles can hear about your doctor's appointments. The screenshot function is nonexistent. According to the discussion boards, it "takes practice" in order to "get the hang of it." I was never able to get it to work, and have tried upwards of 100 times. You have to push two buttons at the exact same time, which, though it sounds easy, is impossible because they are both too sensitive. If John Karlin, the father of Human Factors, was alive today, he would bid the Windows company a harshly worded "good day to you, sir." I'm buying an iphone.I purchased my phone new at an AT&T store, not through Amazon. This phone is not as intuitive as others. Granted I'm used to the Android system and iPhones and have never used a Microsoft operating system on a cell phone. First disappointment was that some apps are completely inaccessible, including Amazon mp3 which I'm sure isn't the most popular app out there, but if you've invested any money in purchasing music throught it, it's a pain to no longer have access to that music through that app. There is no place to access downloads. Once something is downloaded, it is filtered into what the phone decides is an appropriate place. Bank apps download into the "Wallet" app installed on the phone. Others of my downloads have simply disappeared into the phone somewhere and I've had several people search for access to them to no avail. This includes apps and documents. I've had this phone a week and already it is doing.. odd things. Today it decided to randomly fade the screen's brightness from well lit to almost invisible (regardless of the amount of time since I'd last touched the screen and on a full battery) and then fades back to normal, repeating the fading in and out multiple times. On other phones I've used, when you use the internet and then close out to do something else.. take a call, use another app, check a text, you can open the internet back to the page you were just viewing... not with this phone. It goes back to your starting bing, google, whatever default page and if you hit the back button it just closes the internet. Also, if you receive an incoming call from someone not in your contacts and want to save the phone number to your contacts, there is no way to do so??? I'm not completely incompetent.. I've selected every possible option and there is no way to directly select that phone number and save it into contacts. It requires you to select one of your contacts' names from your newly created hotmail account (unless of course you already have one) to save the number under. If this person isn't in my hotmail account already, then what? Too many mandatory steps linking to hotmail. I'd rather just have the ability to synchronize without having to manually do it every time I want to do something simple like save a phone number. These things may be able to be worked through, but with hassle. The phone looks great. It's operating system is just, like I said, not intuitive and even during this first week of being on a new phone high, I'm already becoming disenchanted with the phone. The reason I chose this phone is for the Microsoft Suite's amazing functioning on this phone. I've tried using Word and Excel with other phones and it was possible, albeit annoying. Using Excel on this phone is amazing.. almost better than my laptop. So for someone regularly needing that ability, this phone may be worth the other issues. I would say I like the phone, but considering all the other options available at this price point, I may return it. Don't be sold on the camera either.. if you get the sales pitch on it you'll know what I'm referring to. I tried to take a still pic of a plant (nothing moving, me or the plant) and it continuously came out blurry.Nokia Lumia 900 wp7, a set back in evolution Base on price and moment in cellular evolution I would expect this expensive beautiful designed smart phone to work at least as easy and practical as any basic cell... Well this is not the case with this toy.. THIS IS A VERY COMPLICATED PHONE!! - FORGET PRACTICAL USE WITH THIS GADGET Simple, practical and easy is not part of the philosophy in this phone.. Things you might be used to do on a couple of clicks, here they take 5 to 6 actions away (or more) and time consuming and frustrating results in many cases.. Understanding and finding your way around with Nokia Lumia 900 wp7 is a very high time consuming effort .. So if you are a busy person and like technology to improve your timing working routing, this is not a phone I would recommend.. Because many "Basic" cell functions are missing in the software wp7, and the only option you'll find is to search endlessly the "market place" to find app that may or may not suit your needs, download them, install them and use them for a while to see if they really work for you.. (mean while consuming the phone memory capacity) And in my case, I don't want to pay for apps that I have no proven knowledge how they work... So you'll end up searching the "free" category (which have advertising on them) -No smart dialing (while you type a number does not display contacts that match the number) -No possibility to customize font size -No "select or select all" option when typing -No "one space back/forward" buttons option when typing and/or correcting, editing any text -No undo -No cut -No possibility to see or view the date when typing a note, message or document -No return or back to previous task -No easy friendly connection, transfer of data through USB and PC -No contacts transfer, share, backup, update, save, import, export through USB or Bluetooth to your PC or other services -No Bluetooth connection to other phones or PC for picture, music or file transfer - -Forget about Bluetooth services with this device (only a handful services incorporated) e.i. hands free and speakers, it's about it.. -No message (SMS) save or export to PC.. -SMS threads font very small size -For a pretty big screen, contact's info (phone numbers, address, e-mail, notes, etc) are ridiculously small font size!!! (can't change it) -What happened to font selection "Small, Medium, Large"? -No compatibility to PC Suite (Nokia's software) -No ringtone selection as desire by user from own music files -No volume set up by user for default ringtones -Volume adjust same for every sound (lets say I just want to set up SMS sound louder but only that, it can't it won't let you) -No sound selection as desire for "new sms" or "new email" or "reminder" you are obliged to use its small library of boring sounds -the sounds options for "new sms", "new email" or "reminder" doesn't let you customize its loudness or volume independently. -No option in selecting any song from your library as ringtone, message, sms, alarms sounds -When playing a song from my Lumia's phone library, it doesn't have a possible way for moving ahead or scroll through the song (forward or rewind) -No phone book option on "people" (only internet accounts or all mixed) -Contacts have a Fixed platform that does not let you customize the Titles for Phone numbers -On Contacts the list of options for labeling Phone Numbers is short!! or limited. -If a Contact's name is longer than the space on screen, it wont let you see the complete name, it won't show it even if you place it horizontal view.. -The Export/Import option (that you have to locate and download) for getting my Phone contacts from my older Nokia or iPhone to my Lumia, works mediocrely and poor, many details were left out... -No "draft" folder for SMS -No "recent" option for choosing contacts on sending SMS -No multiple selection of contacts on one step procedure for sending sms (as on "Android") -No possibility to create custom SMS folders, i.e. saving moms sms -Calendar "Month" view too small, unreasonable unreadable, no visible marks, tags, color or water marker for events -No scrolling day by day on calendar "month view", neither on "calendar day view". -Confusing calendar day view (looks like an endless list) -Only hourly settings on calendar day view (No minutes settings i.e. 2:30, 4:45, 10:15 or whatever) it is set up by default as a unnecessary long list even if empty.. -No summary view of daily set events when day selected on "calendar month view" (without having to go or redirected to day view) -let's say you enter a specific reminder on the calendar, and this repeats let's us say 4 days in a row.. Well there is no way to copy the whole thing and paste it, you got to re-write it all on each day independently on the calendar. -No tile color and/or size customize by user (a Tile is like a icon for shortcuts to a desired function or application) -What happened to saving contacts on the phone?? Only on a E-mail account?? -if you are entering a phone number that already exists on your contacts (but you don't know) it won't tell you it already exists. -No adding feature of related apps to a single "tile" to group them (as on iPhone) -Sometimes people can get dizzy scrolling all the way down (or through) the endless "tile" collection set up you might end up having, trying to make short cuts to phone functions. -They claim Zune (the connection app for PC and Lumia phones win7) is the ultimate software, but then again a set back in evolution.. Is quite a drag having to connect and disconnect your device in order to see or check if the file has been transferred.. (I get "envy" my wife transferring, music, pictures, etc from her computer to her cell phone ;-) and vise versa) -Many times when "editing" the info of a song (artist, album, etc) this info would appear on your PC but not updated on the phone.. -Many albums from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "album list" -Many artists from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "artist list" -If you have a long list of music files as I do, with this software "Zune" I have to scroll all the way to find an specific music file (no "find" or "search") -arranges pictures by date.. which is fine, but what about trying to arrange by folder.. quite tricky -No lock/unlock gravity (when leaning to one side on the coach the view changes to horizontal, and that is not necessary what I want) -When I need to write a contact's number in different formats for dialing purpose (i.e. +country code, city, number vs city code, number, the software will hide one or the other -Only one option for labeling a cell number, many times a contact will have more than 2 cell numbers, but here we have only one option to label a cell number, "CELL PHONE" (but only once) How do you label the second cell number? Home? Work? Ridiculous!! -Same thing for work numbers, there's only two "work" labels available (what if there are more than 2 work numbers as usually happens?) -No "main" and no "general" labeling for a contact's number -Only three (3) email addresses can be saved for a contact, and have a fixed label -No phone search, if want to search any thing from one place like most devices (phone search), this does not have it... -When you choose to forward an email, there isn't possible way to edit the content being forwarded. -And so on... *I have found that many users report that Nokia Lumia 900 w7 phone or device SHUTDOWN UNEXPECTEDLY VERY FREQUENTLY having to check constantly if the phone is on.. And find out that has been OFF for who knows for how long.. Can you imaging this? Expecting an important call or text message and find out that the phone has been OFF for who knows how long... Well, mine is not the exception !!! it shuts down very frequently and unexpectedly, very annoying !! IN THE OTHER HAND If your life is lacking emotions and adventure.. You'll find this phone very amusing and entertaining... And time consuming.. -Nice connectivity to the internet, this is more of a internet, social networking device and software... But not a phone!! -Nice prediction help while typing, but needs an UNDO and back/forth cursor option, and improve finger selection -Many things can be "Pin to start" (but size and color can't be customized) but then again, you'll end with a long selection of tiles and therefore scrolling endlessly through them to find the one you need to click -"forward" is hidden under reply button for sync email accounts ..and you better have a 20 20 sight NOTE: I bought this phone because I used to be a Nokia fan.. I have tried to love this device but has disappointed me in a way I didn't expect.. for a "smart phone" no so smart.. NOTE: Never the less, I see potential in this device, with an update (or Updates, that I doubt would happen) this would be one of the best and complete smartphones! If they ever care to make the necessary updates.. Next time I'LL get a different one, but not a windows phone.This phone is ok for an older person or small child. It's features are very simple and outdated. The apps I like don't work on this model because it has Windows 7.8 and not Windows 8. Windows does not have a license for Instagram and the apps it does have to run Instagram suck. I thought that it would be a great phone but it's not. You even have to download an app to enter network settings so that you can use the internet and to send or receive picture messages. If all you want to do is call someone then this is a great phone for you. It doesn't utilize a decent MAPS app or anything. This phone is barely 2yrs old and resembles an early model of a phone from 2001! The only thing that I would consider is great about this phone is the battery life! I almost forget to charge it, it lasts so long. The camera is old and outdated and doesn't have any great features at all. So selfies are a no go. Very disappointedApps selection is limited and what are available usually don't work well. My bank doesn't have a deposit app for Window's Phone so I get to visit the branch to deposit. Interface is not as intuitive as Android. Texting will not deliver media content for some reason. The camera is baaaad. You need to adjust the settings for every type of photo - almost like the old manual SLRs. Try zooming and your picture becomes so grainy that it is embarrassing. The phone does work great - nice and clear and strong signal. Ten times better than my previous HTC. Battery life is good.The phone was simply beautiful, but the battery was apparently bad. I called the seller to see if he could check the last phone that he had in stock & ship that one to me. I made numerous calls & the last one that I made he told me that he would call me back before the day ended, but he never did. I tried calling him but he never answered.I personally have always wanted a nokia lumia; and when I got it I was so excited. It worked fine and properly with no issues. The only problem was that on amazon it says unlocked, but it is unlocked with att. So since I had att I was lucky; but if you have verizon or sprint, don't buy this phone from amazon. Also the sim card holder was loose and a little broken which was kind of annoying at first but I got used to it.One other thing I didn't like was how there is not much app variety due to the release of windows 8. This phone is windows 7.5, so you don't get much apps. The camera and picture quality is amazing and so is the way that all your friends on Facebook and hotmail gets into your contacts when you sign in, and you can just add their number from there.Excellent product and I really liked my expectation filled the qualify because everything arrived as requested I really I liked all the pretty enough to recommend to all the community through Amazon not change. would recommend vendor to other to purchase their much needed items, i really like the service and the products that i have received.I'd been a wm fan since win ce - wm6 then I switched to something else. I used to love wm so much for its apps availability & freedom. This one is a little disappointed to me for my apps choice. If you were spoiled by BB or iOS, you're not going to like this thing. Else, The good: sexy and fast, good camera The bad: Battery life sucks so bad. It only last me for a day, so if you plan on going somewhere without power source, please bring another phone as a back up.great product in everything,,but what the use of it if there is no update for its window 7.5 to window 8 ,,plus it doesnt have flash player,,the rest is perfect as a productAfter freezing for a few days, my phone screen finally just went black. It is on because I hear the dings(text messages) however I have a black screen. Camera is shotty, phone unlocked(just o to att get a free sim card(if you have service with them like i do), packaged fine, charger sucks, keyboard either defective or so small that it types the wrong letter sometimes...overall DO NOT ORDER this over 100$ "new phone". Best thing about my phone is the leather case i ordered from someone else. If I have an emergency, I'll just scream, since i doubt i'll be able to make any calls anytime soonI've had the Nokia Lumina 900 for about a year and have not had a positive experience. I initially purchased it through Best Buy for a two year AT&T contract. I had multiple Nokia phones in the past (the awesome indestructible Meme ones) and was really excited about this phone because it was my first smart phone and I did not want an iPhone. Long story short, this phone looks nice, but it has given me nothing but problems. About two weeks ago I woke up one morning to it being worse than ever. I have not dropped it or done anything to break it. There is no visible external damage but the issues that it has are significant (detailed below). I went into Best Buy and they told me to contact Nokia. I contacted Nokia and kept asking for help to get it fixed (even for a fee) and they said that there was nothing they could do - that I would need to take it to a third party repair vendor. Right now I'm looking at other phones and having to pay outside of contract. The Pros: - Looks sleek. I do like the Windows UI with the tiles. People do like it and comment on it. Because I've had good luck with Nokia in the past and I did like this phone initially before the issues started, I will give it two stars. - Size. I've seen many different phones and after using this phone and getting used to it, the iPhones seems to small and the Galaxys seem too big. This one feels just right. The Cons: - Camera: I've compared the camera to my friend's iPhones and Galaxy pictures and I have to say I prefer their pictures more. The Lumina 900's pictures offer less brightness and contrast and end up being darker and blurrier in my experience. - Battery life currently ~ 2 hrs (I've had it about a year and expected the battery to still be going strong). - Messaging and internet does not work (this is broken for me, so my experience may be atypical) - Windows OS. It has some good points and some bad. I do not like how they require MS Zune for updates. Added account flexibility would also help instead of forcing Windows Live. It comes across as Windows forcing people to use their peripheral products when I don't need it. I don't know too many people who have a Windows Live accounts as their primary email. I know this is the OS and not the hardware, but it does make a difference. - Initially group texts would just be seen as a single text from one person, and if you replied it would only go to him or her and not the group. That was frustrating for planning. - The Customer Support. I emailed them with my problems and they sent canned replies each time until by the third time they just said they could not help. I know this lack of support is common through the industry, but I still don't like it. - I've had common issues of it just shutting down and glitching and sometimes missing calls since about a few months after getting it. It got a lot worse about two weeks ago and I'm not sure what happened. Overall I may have just received a lemon phone, so take my review for what it is. If you get one that works, then I'd be a fine phone. Didn't work for me and I'll probably try another manufacturer out next.I just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience. From now on I'll just use Windows phone for my daily use. My next gadget will be Nokia Lumia 920. I just can't look foward for this phone to hit the market. Nokia designs the best and most beautiful phones and now they work with the best OS on the market. Well done, Nokia and Microsoft! Now, let's talk about Apps. I've read many comments of people talking about the ''lack of app'' on the Marketplace. I can tell my own experience. I come from Android and also I had a Apple iPhone 4S and the only App missing on the Marketplace (talking about me and the apps I use the most) are Instagram and OVO (and I've heard Instagram is comming soon to Windows Phones before this year ends). I have Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Foursquare, MSN, KiK, Viber, Badoo, SkyDrive, Tango, Skype,Youtube,Shazam, SoundHound, Netflix, IMDb, Evernote, ESPN, CNN, Univision,SkyMap, TuneIn Radio, WhatsApp, Wikipedia and Weather much more... Also the Nokia App (Nokia Maps, Drive, City Lens, Music, Trailers, Creative Studio, Counters, Soundtracker, Transit, Contacts Transfer, Camera Extras and much more). The Marketplace keeps growing. The integration of Facebook, twitter, MSN, LinkedIn and Foursquare in my Windows Phone is AMAZING! I can put comments and give ''likes'' directly from my phone due to the AMAZING integretion between those Apps and my phone. and I don't have to go to the Facebook or Twitter App to do that. I'm totally in love with my Nokia Lumia 900 and its amazing OS! I 100% recommend it! If you wanna be different, switch and go for it! Nokia Lumia phones the amazing experience!I purchased the Nokia Lumina 900 in black from BLUTECUSA and was really thrilled with all the new WP features. I really loved the new interface and its one smooth operator. The only issue I had was that it was locked to AT&T Wireless. Since I needed an unlocked phone (as advertised) I had to return it.College students tend to forget their papers at home and turn up to class empty handed but with this phone you can do all of that (except print from it) I myself dont forget my stuff but it is always good to be prepared. I simply love this phone because I like sturdy things and this phone feel indestructible! I have dropped it twice already and I dont even have any scratches on it!First of all the Windows 7 OS sucks and third party apps aren't as plentiful as on other phone. Second, today after a year of use, the phone has decided to crap out on me. Third party apps will no longer start and it will no longer pair to my Bluetooth devices. This essentially makes the phone useless on my data plan and really only for emergency uses only now since I can't talk using my headset. And then the whole Zune thing, good grief. I'm not buying any more Microsoft related products again if I can help it - no Xbox, no Windows phone, etc...After putting the simm card in I had to turn it off and back on to get it to access the simm card. I don't have a data plan so this phone is perfect for me since there is WiFi everywhere I go anyways. The ESPN app works great for keeping up with fantasy sports and the yahoo mobile site does also.This phone is excellent. It was a Christmas present and arrived very quickly. Much faster than I anticipated. It was in perfect condition. Very pleased!I just got the Nokia 920 with Windows 8 and was super excited to use the new interface and work with the phone because there had been so many good reviews. But then we did a comparison up against the iPhone 5 and the Nokia bombed. Pictures from iPhone much sharper. The streaming interface for Netflix on iPhone much better (on the same network). The calendar (now this is a software not a hardware issue) was difficult to use - I use a lot of calendar functionality. Now it was much cheaper than the iPhone for sure and the Windows 8 UI is awesome - so much better than iPhone. But if you need pictures to be crisp and good and need slick video - iPhone, iPhone, iPhone - but if you want to spend a little less and have less apps but have nice integration with outlook and xBox - definitely get this phone. Oh also we noticed after working with the phone for awhile it really started to get hot. I am taking it back to ATT today - only had it for one day - I'm sad now.Worst phone ever! I cant connect to other devices via bluetooth, i cant connect to my lap top with the USB port, limited apps, cant download the book i have on my android phone they are not even available in their apps store, it only has the old version for facebook, whatapp is ridiculous, whats the use android is far better and easierquality of pics not good; purchased as a giftThis phone is still just as great as when it first came out! Have had it for a little over a month and have had no problems what so ever. So glad I got this phone again.I thought the phone was blocked, but luckily with the excellent support of the people of Cellular Ross told me how to make it work The phone is preloaded by Att but works perfectly in any company recommend people to buy Cellular Ross are very attentive and caring, a pleasure to deal with themThis product is has cons and pros of course. I of course hated it. It barely has apps unlike the apple and samsung products. Also, the touch buttons glitch very often. when i tap the home button, it opens up the voice command.... Another example of a glitch. for example, im watching a youtube video, and the search randomly pops up without me pressing it... Hated this product, definitely switching back to iphone. Dont buy it if you dont want a crap phone.I work in the industry, so I get hands-on with all the flagship phone. That being said, the 920 is simply the best for an endless amount of reasons. My wife and I replaced our previous flagship phones, (from other platforms), and now absolutely love the 920. I think it's pretty sad how the media will completely ignore the superior innovation that this phone has over the others, just to help promote the other name brands. Think for yourself. Experience for yourself. And, don't be afraid to make the change. Good luck, folks.I bought this phone for my boyfriend and he absolutely LOVES IT!! I am very pleased with my purchase and I would definitely recommend it to anyone!The WP is good but it sucks no good apps at all.Instagram,pandora,etc.. None of them.In search of a new and better phone.I bought a hot pink phone cover and the pink color rubs off when you hold your phone for a while. It even stained the inside of my pants pocket. I contacted the seller, but no answer from them yet.The phone will not charge after 3 days of buying it.am so sad. The phone will not even accept any charger do how will it work?Am having a lot of issues with this phoneThey say its a clearance sale. But its not even 2 month the screen isn't working this is the second time i am facing problems with this product.....I am not very happy with this product. It glitches out constantly with the soft touch buttons and crashes a lot of the time.The product came on time with good package, excellent conditions, no problems at all, my uncle is so happy with his new phone and the price is the best thing.:)Thanks for all the Nokia lumia 900 I arrived on time and in my house I like it is a excellent condition and as a customer I'm happy thank you very muchits a pretty phones but it is useless to me because it is not unlocked as it is supposed to be :( :( :(Great phone..I love it...app are really cool...you can do a lot of things ..especially I like Panoramic pic apps...pictures and movies are great too..Good phone but not many apps. Great for what I need, though.Can before time. My daughter loves it!! Thanks :)Nokia Lumia 900 wp7, a set back in evolution Base on price and moment in cellular evolution I would expect this expensive beautiful designed smart phone to work at least as easy and practical as any basic cell... Well this is not the case with this toy.. THIS IS A VERY COMPLICATED PHONE!! - FORGET PRACTICAL USE WITH THIS GADGET Simple, practical and easy is not part of the philosophy in this phone.. Things you might be used to do on a couple of clicks, here they take 5 to 6 actions away (or more) and time consuming and frustrating results in many cases.. Understanding and finding your way around with Nokia Lumia 900 wp7 is a very high time consuming effort .. So if you are a busy person and like technology to improve your timing working routing, this is not a phone I would recommend.. Because many "Basic" cell functions are missing in the software wp7, and the only option you'll find is to search endlessly the "market place" to find app that may or may not suit your needs, download them, install them and use them for a while to see if they really work for you.. (mean while consuming the phone memory capacity) And in my case, I don't want to pay for apps that I have no proven knowledge how they work... So you'll end up searching the "free" category (which have advertising on them) -No smart dialing (while you type a number does not display contacts that match the number) -No possibility to customize font size -No "select or select all" option when typing -No "one space back/forward" buttons option when typing and/or correcting, editing any text -No undo -No cut -No possibility to see or view the date when typing a note, message or document -No return or back to previous task -No easy friendly connection, transfer of data through USB and PC -No contacts transfer, share, backup, update, save, import, export through USB or Bluetooth to your PC or other services -No Bluetooth connection to other phones or PC for picture, music or file transfer - -Forget about Bluetooth services with this device (only a handful services incorporated) e.i. hands free and speakers, it's about it.. -No message (SMS) save or export to PC.. -SMS threads font very small size -For a pretty big screen, contact's info (phone numbers, address, e-mail, notes, etc) are ridiculously small font size!!! (can't change it) -What happened to font selection "Small, Medium, Large"? -No compatibility to PC Suite (Nokia's software) -No ringtone selection as desire by user from own music files -No volume set up by user for default ringtones -Volume adjust same for every sound (lets say I just want to set up SMS sound louder but only that, it can't it won't let you) -No sound selection as desire for "new sms" or "new email" or "reminder" you are obliged to use its small library of boring sounds -the sounds options for "new sms", "new email" or "reminder" doesn't let you customize its loudness or volume independently. -No option in selecting any song from your library as ringtone, message, sms, alarms sounds -When playing a song from my Lumia's phone library, it doesn't have a possible way for moving ahead or scroll through the song (forward or rewind) -No phone book option on "people" (only internet accounts or all mixed) -Contacts have a Fixed platform that does not let you customize the Titles for Phone numbers -On Contacts the list of options for labeling Phone Numbers is short!! or limited. -If a Contact's name is longer than the space on screen, it wont let you see the complete name, it won't show it even if you place it horizontal view.. -The Export/Import option (that you have to locate and download) for getting my Phone contacts from my older Nokia or iPhone to my Lumia, works mediocrely and poor, many details were left out... -No "draft" folder for SMS -No "recent" option for choosing contacts on sending SMS -No multiple selection of contacts on one step procedure for sending sms (as on "Android") -No possibility to create custom SMS folders, i.e. saving moms sms -Calendar "Month" view too small, unreasonable unreadable, no visible marks, tags, color or water marker for events -No scrolling day by day on calendar "month view", neither on "calendar day view". -Confusing calendar day view (looks like an endless list) -Only hourly settings on calendar day view (No minutes settings i.e. 2:30, 4:45, 10:15 or whatever) it is set up by default as a unnecessary long list even if empty.. -No summary view of daily set events when day selected on "calendar month view" (without having to go or redirected to day view) -let's say you enter a specific reminder on the calendar, and this repeats let's us say 4 days in a row.. Well there is no way to copy the whole thing and paste it, you got to re-write it all on each day independently on the calendar. -No tile color and/or size customize by user (a Tile is like a icon for shortcuts to a desired function or application) -What happened to saving contacts on the phone?? Only on a E-mail account?? -if you are entering a phone number that already exists on your contacts (but you don't know) it won't tell you it already exists. -No adding feature of related apps to a single "tile" to group them (as on iPhone) -Sometimes people can get dizzy scrolling all the way down (or through) the endless "tile" collection set up you might end up having, trying to make short cuts to phone functions. -They claim Zune (the connection app for PC and Lumia phones win7) is the ultimate software, but then again a set back in evolution.. Is quite a drag having to connect and disconnect your device in order to see or check if the file has been transferred.. (I get "envy" my wife transferring, music, pictures, etc from her computer to her cell phone ;-) and vise versa) -Many times when "editing" the info of a song (artist, album, etc) this info would appear on your PC but not updated on the phone.. -Many albums from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "album list" -Many artists from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "artist list" -If you have a long list of music files as I do, with this software "Zune" I have to scroll all the way to find an specific music file (no "find" or "search") -arranges pictures by date.. which is fine, but what about trying to arrange by folder.. quite tricky -No lock/unlock gravity (when leaning to one side on the coach the view changes to horizontal, and that is not necessary what I want) -When I need to write a contact's number in different formats for dialing purpose (i.e. +country code, city, number vs city code, number, the software will hide one or the other -Only one option for labeling a cell number, many times a contact will have more than 2 cell numbers, but here we have only one option to label a cell number, "CELL PHONE" (but only once) How do you label the second cell number? Home? Work? Ridiculous!! -Same thing for work numbers, there's only two "work" labels available (what if there are more than 2 work numbers as usually happens?) -No "main" and no "general" labeling for a contact's number -Only three (3) email addresses can be saved for a contact, and have a fixed label -No phone search, if want to search any thing from one place like most devices (phone search), this does not have it... -When you choose to forward an email, there isn't possible way to edit the content being forwarded. -And so on... *I have found that many users report that Nokia Lumia 900 w7 phone or device SHUTDOWN UNEXPECTEDLY VERY FREQUENTLY having to check constantly if the phone is on.. And find out that has been OFF for who knows for how long.. Can you imaging this? Expecting an important call or text message and find out that the phone has been OFF for who knows how long... Well, mine is not the exception !!! it shuts down very frequently and unexpectedly, very annoying !! IN THE OTHER HAND If your life is lacking emotions and adventure.. You'll find this phone very amusing and entertaining... And time consuming.. -Nice connectivity to the internet, this is more of a internet, social networking device and software... But not a phone!! -Nice prediction help while typing, but needs an UNDO and back/forth cursor option, and improve finger selection -Many things can be "Pin to start" (but size and color can't be customized) but then again, you'll end with a long selection of tiles and therefore scrolling endlessly through them to find the one you need to click -"forward" is hidden under reply button for sync email accounts ..and you better have a 20 20 sight NOTE: I bought this phone because I used to be a Nokia fan.. I have tried to love this device but has disappointed me in a way I didn't expect.. for a "smart phone" no so smart.. NOTE: Never the less, I see potential in this device, with an update (or Updates, that I doubt would happen) this would be one of the best and complete smartphones! If they ever care to make the necessary updates.. Next time I'LL get a different one, but not a windows phone.This phone is for old people who and people not tech savvy. I bought this phone and it sucks. Your limited with apps, You can't change the message ringtones to an customized tone. It is for people who are learning technology. I have a clue with technology and I feel stupid using this phone. On the plus side, this phone is really sturdy. The camera takes great pictures.The sound stopped working a month after I bought it.I'm really an apple iPhone fan, so I bought the phone for my girlfriend and she loved it. It's beginning to grow on me myself.finedos;t support skype anymore.To bad for this phone.should reflect more product information such as tracking numbertimely delivery excellent productThis phone is compatible in venezuela have SIM slotThe WiFi didn't work. I had to send it back.i dislike the phone which i got /// is there any possibility of exchanging my phone// if so it would be appreciated/// I TRUSTED AMAZON BUT, I GOT AN USELESS PHONE .. ITS WORKING PROPERLYCan u please help me how to connect to the wifi. Because I already tried to many times but the phone dosn't want to connect. Always searching but can't find the the networks. Somebody can help me please.The wife is loving it!!The quality of the sound is not the best, because it's too slowly, but for the rest is very good.Did not even turn on.only like a pc mobileThe Nokia Lumia 920 is a refreshing change to all the other smart phones out there. The windows operating system is rather different from what I'm used to but it was a good change. Windows is simplistic yet quite attractive. Doesn't have as much apps as the Android which is what I had before changing to the Lumia but it's still a great phone.do anyone know if i can use this phone with T mobileGot this phone last week and really like it, although they unboxed it now i'm waiting for WP version 7.8Good phone, however, the whole zune operation I don't like, very difficult just to get a personalised ring tone =(There is problem in it Caller to my phone hears his voice backNokia Lumia 900 wp7, a set back in evolution Base on price and moment in cellular evolution I would expect this expensive beautiful designed smart phone to work at least as easy and practical as any basic cell... Well this is not the case with this toy.. THIS IS A VERY COMPLICATED PHONE!! - FORGET PRACTICAL USE WITH THIS GADGET Simple, practical and easy is not part of the philosophy in this phone.. Things you might be used to do on a couple of clicks, here they take 5 to 6 actions away (or more) and time consuming and frustrating results in many cases.. Understanding and finding your way around with Nokia Lumia 900 wp7 is a very high time consuming effort .. So if you are a busy person and like technology to improve your timing working routing, this is not a phone I would recommend.. Because many "Basic" cell functions are missing in the software wp7, and the only option you'll find is to search endlessly the "market place" to find app that may or may not suit your needs, download them, install them and use them for a while to see if they really work for you.. (mean while consuming the phone memory capacity) And in my case, I don't want to pay for apps that I have no proven knowledge how they work... So you'll end up searching the "free" category (which have advertising on them) -No smart dialing (while you type a number does not display contacts that match the number) -No possibility to customize font size -No "select or select all" option when typing -No "one space back/forward" buttons option when typing and/or correcting, editing any text -No undo -No cut -No possibility to see or view the date when typing a note, message or document -No return or back to previous task -No easy friendly connection, transfer of data through USB and PC -No contacts transfer, share, backup, update, save, import, export through USB or Bluetooth to your PC or other services -No Bluetooth connection to other phones or PC for picture, music or file transfer - -Forget about Bluetooth services with this device (only a handful services incorporated) e.i. hands free and speakers, it's about it.. -No message (SMS) save or export to PC.. -SMS threads font very small size -For a pretty big screen, contact's info (phone numbers, address, e-mail, notes, etc) are ridiculously small font size!!! (can't change it) -What happened to font selection "Small, Medium, Large"? -No compatibility to PC Suite (Nokia's software) -No ringtone selection as desire by user from own music files -No volume set up by user for default ringtones -Volume adjust same for every sound (lets say I just want to set up SMS sound louder but only that, it can't it won't let you) -No sound selection as desire for "new sms" or "new email" or "reminder" you are obliged to use its small library of boring sounds -the sounds options for "new sms", "new email" or "reminder" doesn't let you customize its loudness or volume independently. -No option in selecting any song from your library as ringtone, message, sms, alarms sounds -When playing a song from my Lumia's phone library, it doesn't have a possible way for moving ahead or scroll through the song (forward or rewind) -No phone book option on "people" (only internet accounts or all mixed) -Contacts have a Fixed platform that does not let you customize the Titles for Phone numbers -On Contacts the list of options for labeling Phone Numbers is short!! or limited. -If a Contact's name is longer than the space on screen, it wont let you see the complete name, it won't show it even if you place it horizontal view.. -The Export/Import option (that you have to locate and download) for getting my Phone contacts from my older Nokia or iPhone to my Lumia, works mediocrely and poor, many details were left out... -No "draft" folder for SMS -No "recent" option for choosing contacts on sending SMS -No multiple selection of contacts on one step procedure for sending sms (as on "Android") -No possibility to create custom SMS folders, i.e. saving moms sms -Calendar "Month" view too small, unreasonable unreadable, no visible marks, tags, color or water marker for events -No scrolling day by day on calendar "month view", neither on "calendar day view". -Confusing calendar day view (looks like an endless list) -Only hourly settings on calendar day view (No minutes settings i.e. 2:30, 4:45, 10:15 or whatever) it is set up by default as a unnecessary long list even if empty.. -No summary view of daily set events when day selected on "calendar month view" (without having to go or redirected to day view) -let's say you enter a specific reminder on the calendar, and this repeats let's us say 4 days in a row.. Well there is no way to copy the whole thing and paste it, you got to re-write it all on each day independently on the calendar. -No tile color and/or size customize by user (a Tile is like a icon for shortcuts to a desired function or application) -What happened to saving contacts on the phone?? Only on a E-mail account?? -if you are entering a phone number that already exists on your contacts (but you don't know) it won't tell you it already exists. -No adding feature of related apps to a single "tile" to group them (as on iPhone) -Sometimes people can get dizzy scrolling all the way down (or through) the endless "tile" collection set up you might end up having, trying to make short cuts to phone functions. -They claim Zune (the connection app for PC and Lumia phones win7) is the ultimate software, but then again a set back in evolution.. Is quite a drag having to connect and disconnect your device in order to see or check if the file has been transferred.. (I get "envy" my wife transferring, music, pictures, etc from her computer to her cell phone ;-) and vise versa) -Many times when "editing" the info of a song (artist, album, etc) this info would appear on your PC but not updated on the phone.. -Many albums from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "album list" -Many artists from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "artist list" -If you have a long list of music files as I do, with this software "Zune" I have to scroll all the way to find an specific music file (no "find" or "search") -arranges pictures by date.. which is fine, but what about trying to arrange by folder.. quite tricky -No lock/unlock gravity (when leaning to one side on the coach the view changes to horizontal, and that is not necessary what I want) -When I need to write a contact's number in different formats for dialing purpose (i.e. +country code, city, number vs city code, number, the software will hide one or the other -Only one option for labeling a cell number, many times a contact will have more than 2 cell numbers, but here we have only one option to label a cell number, "CELL PHONE" (but only once) How do you label the second cell number? Home? Work? Ridiculous!! -Same thing for work numbers, there's only two "work" labels available (what if there are more than 2 work numbers as usually happens?) -No "main" and no "general" labeling for a contact's number -Only three (3) email addresses can be saved for a contact, and have a fixed label -No phone search, if want to search any thing from one place like most devices (phone search), this does not have it... -When you choose to forward an email, there isn't possible way to edit the content being forwarded. -And so on... *I have found that many users report that Nokia Lumia 900 w7 phone or device SHUTDOWN UNEXPECTEDLY VERY FREQUENTLY having to check constantly if the phone is on.. And find out that has been OFF for who knows for how long.. Can you imaging this? Expecting an important call or text message and find out that the phone has been OFF for who knows how long... Well, mine is not the exception !!! it shuts down very frequently and unexpectedly, very annoying !! IN THE OTHER HAND If your life is lacking emotions and adventure.. You'll find this phone very amusing and entertaining... And time consuming.. -Nice connectivity to the internet, this is more of a internet, social networking device and software... But not a phone!! -Nice prediction help while typing, but needs an UNDO and back/forth cursor option, and improve finger selection -Many things can be "Pin to start" (but size and color can't be customized) but then again, you'll end with a long selection of tiles and therefore scrolling endlessly through them to find the one you need to click -"forward" is hidden under reply button for sync email accounts ..and you better have a 20 20 sight NOTE: I bought this phone because I used to be a Nokia fan.. I have tried to love this device but has disappointed me in a way I didn't expect.. for a "smart phone" no so smart.. NOTE: Never the less, I see potential in this device, with an update (or Updates, that I doubt would happen) this would be one of the best and complete smartphones! If they ever care to make the necessary updates.. Next time I'LL get a different one, but not a windows phone.I wanted to like it, I really did. I just purchased a new Win8 computer and figured I would upgrade my phone to the Lumia 920 in the spirit of homogeneity. Let me tell you that doing so was a HORRIBLE idea - where to start. Weight - this brick, I mean phone, tips the scales at a cool 185 grams, compared to the 133 gram Galaxy S3 or 140 gram iPhone 4S. When asked why it weighed so much, the salesman told me it was because the phone is made from the same composite as is astronaut helmets. Nice - I can now sleep better knowing that if the Mayans are right, at least my Lumia 920 is prepared for its journey through the cosmos. To all my skinny jean wearing hipsters, you and this phone simply cannot be - the sheer size and mass of it make it a nightmare to carry in regular sized pants, I can't even imagine the kind of dances you'll do to get the Lumia in and out of your jeggings pockets. This brick could be a safety hazard if one of these crazy youths tries to rob me on his way to Hot Topic, though my Lumia could possibly double as a shield, or even a weapon if I decided to shotput at my assailant. Onto the UI - wow, anyone who says the apps are incredible must be kidding. Moving past the fact that google refuses to create apps for the Win8 OS, none of the apps that are built for this phone are designed by their actual developers. Facebook is a Microsoft app, Whatsapp doesn't even exist, the Pandora app is a blog about the music on Pandora - sweet, nothing satiates my hunger for The Jonas Brothers or Biggie Smalls like the words of Joe and Jane Smith as they opine on hottest 1950's Christmas album. What few games they do have, i.e. angry birds, looks like they have been shrunk down from a tv screen onto my phone. The aspect ratio is atrocious, not to mention that for me to download anything, I have to use my Hotmail account that I opened and retired when I was in fifth grade - which may be a real selling point for the hipsters as eclectic/old school schwag is all the rage these days. As per the screen size ... the phone may be huge but a good portion of it is cannibalized by the bezel , again probably some brilliant innovation necessary to make the phone more functional as I use it to fend off attacks but not when I want to compose documents in MS office, which is a function I will NEVER use on my phone. But our friends at Nokia were smart enough to include a wireless charger, this was a HUGE plus, I find that plugging my phone into the wall while I sleep at night is cumbersome AND tedious. Corded phones chargers are so 2010 - what are we still using the rotary phones here? Think of all the extra things I can do now that I don't have to plug my brick into the wall! At about 6 hours of battery life, I know that whatever charging device I get is going to get plenty of love. So that's it, this phone is horrible. Anyone who says otherwise is either crazy, or is finally making the upgrade from their Razor flip phone. Keep up the good work Nokia, you've successfully kept old school by giving us those old school features we expected in 2005.OK, so I own the Lumia 900 and have since the May release date. While it is a stylish phone of good build quality, you cannot judge a book by it's cover - which is the only place where the quality of this phone shines. It's pretty, but..... So, Microsoft made a phone that is already obsolete, cannot use ANY instant messaging applications or multitask properly, and has numerous flaws that are just add up to a frustrating experience. Not to mention that suppliers and third party companies are avoiding the Windows phone platform almost entirely. Go to the electronics store and try comparing how many accessories you can find for all the other phones with what you can find for the Lumia 900 - it's beyond sad. And the software!! I had a Blackberry that ran the mobile MS Office applications with better functionality and feature-set than the MS hardware, MS software combination of the Lumia. And MS owns Skype but wait, wait... nope, it doesn't work on the Lumia. (unless you disable your screen from timing out {dead battery} and keep Skype as the running app on the screen {switch to another app and Skype logs out}) Running one app works fine, but how smart is it to install an instant messaging application on a phone that cannot run instant messaging while you're doing something like, let's say, looking at the home screen of the phone to see what time it is. Pathetic. I'm a sucker who used to have faith in Microsoft products, so I gave this phone a chance and believed all the fan-boy hyped reviews. Repeat - I am the sucker. Please, don't join the crowd of disappointed people who are now wondering if they can find anyone stupid enough to buy a used Lumia off of them so that they can escape to the capable platform of Android or, dare I say it, Apple (and I hate Apple). If you love a pretty box and don't care about functionality - go for it, but if you actually want a capable smart-phone please save yourself before it's too late and forget this phone ever existed (like MS already did).The product is perfect and admirable to have, but selling it under AT&T is a dupe in the sea. Nobody would wanna buy this phone locked under AT&T with there way of business. Just sell it UNLOCKED with NO CONTRACT and let the customer choose his/her own service provider.I have been using a Blackberry Curve for the last 3 1/2 years and avoiding a smartphone because of the additional costs associated with new activations. However, I decided that it may be time to upgrade since I would like to be able to use this phone overseas on travel. I did some research - thought about going with the new Blackberry Q10 - but the outright unlocked purchase price is high and I wanted to test out an unlocked GSM phone before I went hog wild on the phone of my dreams. I went with the 900 because it is affordable but not too outdated yet (although the 925 AT&T and 928 Verizon are already out). I read great reviews on the design and wanted to go with something other than the iPhone. I was not disappointed. Kudos to Feel Good Sales - the product was unlocked and worked right out of the box when I took it down to T-Mobile for a SIM card. It was just as advertised - new (AT&T), unlocked. Please keep in mind that there are many different vendors that sell under the same item number so you don't really know who the seller is. I chose to go with an Amazon Fulfilled seller, believing that there is a bit more consumer protection if they are responsible for the processing of the transaction. Also believing that if a seller uses Amazon to fulfill, they are probably selling what they're advertising since returns seem to be processed through Amazon also. In any case, be careful which vendor you choose and check their ratings. I read some of the reviews for other vendors (especially direct sales) that would lead me to believe that not all sellers are created equal. So, it's super easy to set up the Lumia 900 and I found lots of forum hints on it. The one thing that I had a problem with to start was sending and receiving MMS (pics through text). But I found a topic online that told me I needed to download the Network Setup app from Nokia and select my provider - it worked perfectly. Marketplace is really easy for downloading apps because I already have an Microsoft e-mail account. I am not a heavy user of apps so I don't really have much to say about them but they're there and I will probably look into them more. I have read lots of reviews saying the battery life is short but then so it is for the iPhone. Do your research but I think the Lumia 900 is a good choices - especially for me, as a starter smartphone that I wouldn't be afraid to take overseas. I think at some point, I might want to get a newer, international model - hopefully after they improve battery life (according to the critics). But in the meantime, I'm thrilled!This was my first smartphone. I am mildly impressed. When it works it is great but boy is this is a Windows phone!! :[ # Great I can carry my word document with me! # Wait one minute did my phone just freeze up? My sister and I had a head to head battle over who's smart phone was coolest she has an Iphone 5. In the middle of the text battle my phone screen froze. I had to turn off the phone and reboot. As a devote PC user we are all used to that. She laughed but I had a slighted chuckle as we discussed the bills. I have greater freedom and control of cost because I can switch carriers since my affordable smartphone is not tethered to one carrier she can not. Isn't this the classic PC vs Apple debate do you want a usable gadget that you afford or a perfect gadget that cost a mint? Things that Nokia can improve: No I am not getting a Microsoft account are you serious? Another account for me to forget the password to and spend money for app that are last week before I master them?No!!! Still have not got the radio app to work. Please how do you remove all that AT & T stuff? Other than that no complaints. Update, I have had this phone for four months and I can not receive picture that are texted to me and this phone does not work with Family Mobile data plan. I have downloaded updated and turn myself inside out trying to figure out what am I doing wrong. This phone although stating unlock can not be used to almost any but talk text and music storage without AT&T. I left AT&T because they are so expensive and in Chicago calls are dropped constantly I did not want to go back but here I am crawling back to AT&T buying a more expensive and limited data plan just to make this stupid phone work. This is not unlocked as stated and will not work well with other wireless plans with web and pictures don't waste your money.I purchased this unlocked WP7.5 phone for my mom and she was initially reluctant to use a smartphone. She adapted to it within a week and enjoys using it and seeing pictures of her grandkids and listening to some of her favorite artists. The OS is perfect for her because the tiles are big and she can easily access the weather, banking, pictures, etc. Had I gotten her iOS or Android with their small icons it would have been more of a transition for her to adapt coming from a non-smartphone flip phone. For the price it was worth it and I'm now looking to graduate her to WP8 this Xmas. The build quality is excellent as Nokia is known for that. If the phone is at a bargain price and you want to get this for your kids or parents just to make calls and access a few programs then I highly recommend this model from Nokia.soooo ... I had this phone for about 6 months ... compare to my previous android phone, it is simple and easy to use. Windows Phone operating system seems to work more flawlessly than android. (really??? how??) this phone uses a single core processor (supposedly 4 times slower processor), and 512MB RAM (again supposedly 4 times less RAM), but still works more flawlessly than my older android phone (which had better hardware) and android tablet. I am an engineer and a computer geek, but not a phone guru ... I am not a code or application developer :) All I want is a phone that does not get stuck, allows me to check my emails, some simple apps and perhaps games. For all these purposes it works just fine :) Sure it is not an iphone, but it works fine and cost much less :) I have been a big nokia fan for a long time. I would prefer the old symbian OS, but it is very old ... does not have a lot of applications etc. Would I recommend windows phone to others? definitely!!! Android phones need quad core processors, and 2GB ram because the operating system is not coded/written elegantly ... thus it needs more processing power to run it, and will probably use more battery power. Why most phone companies go with android then??? well ... it is an older OS ... they simply go with what the most common OS is ... Anyway ... I highly recommend windows OS ... sure it does not have 800 billion apps out there ... but do you really need 10 different versions of angry birds on your phone :)When I first got this phone I was really excited after hearing so many good things about it and all the nice features it has. However it's had a lot of problems and the store I bought it from on Amazon made it out to be a product made for the U.S. but it wasn't. As such there was no warranty on my phone and when it started having a lot of problems I had to return it. Amazon was really helpful in this as it was a couple months past the return date and they still gave me a partial refund. Nice Features: Camera: I love this camera. Takes beautiful pics especially up close photos with the macro setting. Colors always come out perfect in the daytime, but in any low light the colors come out really off. User Friendly: I do really like this about the phone. The tiles are fun and easy to use. I really liked the ability to shrink some of the tiles so that you could fit 4 in the place of a big tile, but this quit working on my phone after I was forced to restore it. Dislikes: Windows ''Marketplace:'' As windows is just starting out there aren't really any good apps. There's no good map app for one. Cold weather: This bugs me to no end. Any temperature below 60 degrees causes the phone to black out on the bottom half of the screen. If it's anywhere near 60 dark lines show up on the screen. You can still use the phone if you know where to click, but the blackened part is all pixely and it takes forever for it to go back to normal. Text/Pic Messaging: I bought this phone to use with Net10. I had to search around everywhere to find the correct codes to enter to get text and pic messaging to work but I finally found them. It worked for a couple months but then it just stopped working. I could send and receive texts, but I could only receive pics, I couldn't send them. It was really frustrating since Net10 technically doesn't "guarantee'' pic messaging so they wouldn't help me. Overall, I was really looking forward to this phone, but it's really disappointing how much quit working. I don't know if just my phone is defective or if this has happened with a lot of people. But it really wasn't worth the money I just wish I would've figured it out while I could still get all my money back.Despite being "old" technology, these 900s are absolutely great phones with a great smaller and thin form factor. Great battery life too if you know how to set your settings correctly. Don't worry about apps. There are a ton of high quality apps if you take time to look and research. Nokia Apps and Espooteam apps are particularly good. Microsofts marketplace search engine is a joke (minus one star) so be willing to be patient and try different search words and the like to find what you need. Great phone though. I own two as well as two 800s. Nice efficient OS that doesn't need 3-4 gb of RAM just to run a screen and spyware.Arrived exactly as described - Inserted SIM - powered it up, instant service! I love the Windows OS 7.5 - the user interface could not be more simple, attractive and intuitive! Skype app (downloaded from windows store) using WI-fi works perfectly. Signal: Good reception using either Etisalat/ROSHAN or AWCC service - plenty of supported apps left in the Nokia store...This is the best smart phone I have ever owned, EVER. I like it slightly better than my New LG Optimus G(!) which I just purchased for stateside use. The screen on this Lumina 900 is beyond HD compliant and quite bright outdoors even in direct sunlight - a very important feature! Battery life is as expected while WI-fi and GPS are enabled, BUT it charges rapidly -especially if using USB 3.0 rapid charge -then it's 'incredulous charging speed'. The phone is comfortable in the hand, not too large, perfect actually for my ordinary male-sized hand; the subtle black texture on the back is of a no-slip design; convenient button placement (especially power on/off); responsive touch/tactile screen. The Carl Zeiss Camera has a lot of available useful adjustments as well as 'set it and forget it' AUTO settings - Tested: picture quality is excellent - video quality is HD. Overall: Just Perfect - I purchased this as refurbished and unlocked for travel abroad. I paid only $209 USD - worth every cent - This phone came with a brand new packaged micro USB charger; The seller surpassed my expectations with this one! Much appreciated! Will buy again from you as a trusted seller! 'iPhonepros'Very nice looking celphone. i got a lot of compliments while using it. Very strong Flash and good photos but it has a problem that happens in a while, the flash and the photo is not synchroniced, that is the bad thing on it. The glass is quite strong and it doesn't get any scratch at all, even when i never read of this before, good surprises. I have been using it without protector glass and it looks like new. The screen is bigger than Lumia 520, good phone too. I bought this on november 2014 and it is working without any problem at all, and never had to reset or anything like that. Fast as new.Did thorough research for our budget when my Verizon contract was up and decided switch to T-mobile which has unlimited plan without a contract. There are tons of reviews on line, some are good, some are bad, you really need to read them thoroughly in order to get a clear idea. We had iPhone 4, yes Lumia 900 display & back camera are not as good, but it is a well design cool phone with a much bigger screen and a lot of features. We got 4G, LTE, plenty of apps (free), phoning quality is great, LOVE the hands free voice command! ( we've tried call, text, search on line ... With our voice, worked very well!) We got two of this phone, unlocked AT&T version, activated them with T-Mobile micro-sim card, works perfectly! It is almost funny there is AT&T logo on our phone but we actually using T-mobile service. Hidden secret! :D We are still trying to discover all the feature, will definitely update IF there are any problems. So at this point, we are extremely happy with our choice and strongly recommend it to you if you are looking for an great unlocked phone which is not pricy Lol. --- update: it does has problem with MMS. Which means with text message, can't send or receive photos. If U google 'lumina 900 MMS problem', U'll find more info. - didn't find solution to solve this yet, and it is not a small problem. But we do still love this phone. For U, if MMS is a huge deal for U, don't get this phone until U can get confirmed info. that prove Nokia fix it or with your carrier won't have the same problem.This is my first smartphone and I REALLY like this phone a lot! I have had this phone for a few months and as a college student, this phone meets all of my needs and I haven't had any issues with it. I am able to create and view office documents, all of my Facebook/phone contacts are in one convenient location on the home screen, it has a decent camera, and I like the texting feature that allows me to send messages to my contacts through Facebook or text. I looked at several smartphones prior to deciding on this one and honestly the deciding factor for me was that the reviews from other users was more favorable for this phone than the others I checked out. I am not able to comment on how this phone compares to other smart phones since I am new to smart phones, but I can say it is an easy to use, functional, fun, and aesthetically pleasing phone.This is my first venture into the Windows Phone arena. My initial high hopes three weeks ago are now replaced most days trying to decide whether I should try to stick it out or cut my losses and get an Android or iPhone. I love the look of Windows Phone's UI and the integration of your photos and contacts into almost every corner of the OS is somewhat charming. That being said the gimped Windows 7 apps (Spotify) and complete lack of some of the most popular apps from the marketplace (Pandora) make me miss the days of my iPhone 4 and even my 1st gen Android. Technically the phone lags, and the apps often crash. APN settings will work one minute then stop the next, forcing you to reset the phone. The camera on the Lumia 900 is fantastic, sadly you will be hard pressed to find a quality photo editing app in the marketplace. Overall the technical drawbacks of the Lumia 900 coupled with the now out of date Windows Phone 7 OS make it difficult for me to recommend this phone to more experienced smartphone users.I purchased this phone after carefully researching my next phone purchase. I was tired of Boost and Virgin Mobile and the terrible service they provide and their watered down phones. Don't believe anyone who tells you the phones manufactured for these prepaid services are the same ones that are released to contract carriers. I had the EVO on Virgin Mobile and Samsung Galaxy on Boost and they were nothing like the same phones given to my friends from contract carriers. You get what you paid for. After receiving this phone I can truly say it is one of the best purchases I have ever made. I am as left leaning liberal as they come and it pains me to give the thumbs up to a major corporation, but the fact of the matter is that Nokia is a superior company to Samsung and HTC and AT&T invented the phone and has the largest 4G network. So when combined these two companies have created an untouchable product. This is my first windows phone and I can say that the OS is unbelievable. People choose Apple and Android b/c they are inherent Microsoft haters. However Microsoft powers the world whether they like it or not. This phone works smooth and the screen and looks are top notch. It never hangs or needs rebooting and the features actually work the first time you click them. The back button on Android is a joke there is no telling where it is taking you. When you press the back button on this phone, you go back to the previous screen. Isn't that a notion??? The camera is not the best in the world even though it is a name brand camera, but for goodness sakes it is a phone - who cares. I have also read the reviews that say the phone is "locked" to AT&T and this is not true. Yes it says AT&T on it but it works on any GSM network. Not too mention, I put it on AT&T's Go Phone prepaid plan so I am getting 4G LTE unlimited talk and text for $60 per month, and they sell the prepaid cards at a million stores and gas stations and you can setup your account online and AT&T even takes e-checks. I am done with the empty Android promises, locking phones, freezing screens, and inferior battery life that the Boost and Virgin Mobile phones provide. I don't even have to charge the phone every day and I talk over 5000 minutes per month. I will admit there are some apps like Mapquest and Google Maps that I miss from my android phone and AT&T charges for their navigation service. I will also admit the screen is no where near as brilliant as an I Phone or Galaxy or even the upper end Nokia. But I will gladly trade that for a phone that works everywhere and that does not freeze every five minutes. And I have invested $200 in the phone and I am paying $720 a year for 4G service on a great network and I don't have a contract and I can still sell this phone on Amazon a year from now for $100 or $150. Compare that with spending $500 or more and having a contract and spending $100 per month for unlimited. There is no comparison. I do regret I could not afford the Lumia 928 but for what I am getting I am grateful.The only thing I like about this phone is the Nokia clear black display, I hate everthing else....it cannot Bluetooth, it requires Zune to sync music and videos, Zune is awful, you can only play mp4 and WMV videos which has to be managed by Zune, u cannot use the phone as a storage device ( I miss android), its sooo difficult to transfer data on and off this phone its impossible and I'm a advance user. ...stay away from this device, a word to the wise....oh yea, the camera is very poor for a 8mp, very poor, the phone over heats and becomes unresponsive and I have to cool it down by placing it in the freezer, the 1.4 GHz scorpion CPU is terrible......I live in Amman, Jordan. I bought two of these phones specifically because they are advertised as unlocked and able to be used all over the world. However, after quite some time getting them to me in the Middle East, I find that the are locked and useless. Now, I have to go through even more trouble getting them back to the States so I can return them and get my money back. In the meantime, I've had to buy phones here at an exorbitant exchange rate. I will not order phones online again.This is my first smart phone. I purchased this one simply because it is Nokia. I need a good quality phone , not a fancy phone like Samsang. In terns of durability, no doubt about it. I dropped the phone three times on hard surface floor. Could not see a scratch at all. But it is a Windows Phone. Could not up/down load pictures through text message. Could not open pictures in WeChat. I had the phone for more than a year, still was not clear how to transfer pictures from phone to computer or vs. The software design just makes zero sense to me. ( I did transfer the files but not clear how). The Windows interface just looks ugly. Often the phone just lost signals in a 4 bar signal area. I would have to reboot the phone. Sometimes the battery would drain 50% by noon time although I just barely used it. Sometimes it could last one day. It is random. Sorry Nokia, no more Windows Phone.great phone, works well a few problems not many apps and when hold it sideways (for youtube and such) it randomly pops up bing or this really annoying thing that said "try to say call mom or say find a diner" cant figure out what it is or how to shut it off and you cant get more text tones(or I just haven't figure it out yet)and you have to use zune to update<add photos from your comp to phone and add music,cant drag and drop like android ..but other than that works well nice size screen nice pic quality easy to make calls and send text nice audio quality and its external speeker is pretty loudI am a tmobile customer and with an unlocked Nokia 900 Lumia from ATT .Let me simply say it has to be one of the best kept secrets in smartphones. Though I knew the phone was unlocked, I had no clue it took a micros sim card, which I was not aware of and meant I had to go to a carrier and switch my sim card. Problem was solved in no time. Anyway back to this review. I was contemplating an Iphone purchase but I could not stand to spend upwards of 450 plus buckaroos on a phone. This cost me under 300 bucks give or take plus a few quality accessories. SO in the budget department alone, this phone gets a gold star. I have read reviews there is a lack of apps....I dispute that HOWEVER, do not expect an array of exactly what you see on android play store. There are a lot of apps for everything you need, some just not as popular. There are financial apps(Citibank, capitalone etc)missing but thats about it. With that in mind, the internet explorer is really smooth(way better than my old phone, my touch 4g slide). It has microsoft word and excel also. The interface is smooth, unbelievable this is a cool phone! One feature that is really different, the GPS navigator. Setting things up did not take long at all. You will be seduced by the sleek look. I am not done playing around with it, but i know now I made a good choice here. I dont know where Nokia has been(I had one in the early 2000s) but I have since had a blackberry and a couple of tmobile high end phones. Nokia has made a giant leap. 4/27/13 After a few more days of use I feel real proud about not caving to buy the iphone. The battery life, which with mytouch 4g was ALWAYS an issue, is really impressive. You get at least a good 10 hours if you leave it on,probably longer if you leave the battery saver option on. I discovered the sky drive(similar to icloud) on Marketplace which gives you additional 7Gigs or so free, plus available upgrades for a fee and you get to store for music or other files. I really do think the only thing that will stop this phone from blowing out the competition unfortunately, are the lack of the 'mainstream' apps. Also some apps free on Google play store(android) might not be on Marketplace(if available) But believe me unless you are one for the bandwagon, this change is worth a try, especially if the iphone or high end androids are a little above your budget.This a very nice phone, it takes great pictures and videos. Of course the app store needs to add a lot of applications we have like in android and the iphone market. Another thing is that the phone only has 16gb internal memory with no sd card expansion. I bought this phone for my mom and it really is a nice phone, resolution is very very nice on this phone, I just wish those two things weren't a problem and even I WOULD CHANGE TO WINDOWS8.I bought this phone in October 2013... I haven't used it because it was a gift to my sister but she didn't want it at the end and I had to sell it. But, when I tried to see if it worked, etc... I saw that it was pretty fast, it's Kind of big for me and a bit heavy but is Beautiful! I proved it with Movistar in Venezuela, I didn't try with another company but I'm sure it might work as well. Sadly is not Android!With practically nothing running in the background--no apps, no wifi, no bluetooth, no live tiles, nothing, and very light to light use (one or two phone calls a day and that too for not more than 10 mins per call and two or three text messages a day), the battery drain is significant. average battery life is 12-14 hours. So before you buy a Lumia 900 you must carefully think about the battery drain even if the phone is sitting idle.the product was delivered in time - that's about the most impressive thing about the purchase. my obvious disappointment was the fact that there was no quick guide manual, ear piece, and a sim card lock key that was supposed to be in the box. i had no clue where to insert the simcard. i finally gave up the search and googled that information. i used a ball-pen to open and unfortunately for me the tip got stuck in there and the ink leaked. I guess the fault was mine except the seller could have spared me if they included a quick guide and the lock. Otherwise the phone was beautiful and came in a pristine orderI've logged four trips and more than six hours at the ATT store trying to get my new Windows phone to be able to receive email from my Apple iCloud account. I thought it must be me simply being dense. And nobody at the store knew that it couldn't be done. But that's the case! My bad. I bought a Windows phone made by Nokia: the Lumia 900. Really ELEGANT. Very affordable. Sweet, except I can't read my email thru Apple on this device. It's like asking somebody for directions and being told "you can't get there from here." Seriously, in this modern era, for three computer giants (Microsoft, Nokia, Apple) and a major communications company (ATT) to sell phone/service which can't (won't!) receive email from a competitor is dumbfounding. There oughta be a law! After being told the situation by the very patient, intelligent, lovely people who persistently tried to help me at the store, I came home and called ATT just to verify that this disconnect was fact. The kind lady in phone support put me on hold and soon came back to tell me that, indeed, this was a definitive finding. And it holds for the 920, 925 and 1020 models, as well. Further research would seem to suggest that Apple is the fly in the ointment. So I've hit upon a solution. I will become my own email host. As I already own a domain name for my WordPress blog, thru Godaddy, I will begin using it as my primary email account, phasing out Apple. Hey, buying a Windows phone was a step away from being monopolized, and now Apple has pushed me one more down the path. NB: I revised this review from one star to five after some deep reflection, pain, and clarity. I had bailed on gmail a year and a half ago; and now I'm bailing on iCloud. Don't do evil. And don't be a chump.I chose 1 day shipping and it did actually come the next day, so it shipped fast. First, I do not think it is new because it was not in original packaging. It was in a Lumia 900 box, but the phone was not secure in it, just kind of banging around inside. It did not come with headphones, and the manual looked photocopied, so that was not original either. So if you think you will get something like if you bought it at the store, you won't. Anyway, I've been using the phone for about 2 weeks now, and it seems to be fine. It actually is unlocked. I am using it with Straight Talk. The description is wrong in that it does NOT have a microSD slot. It has 16GB internal memory ONLY. There is no slot for a microSD. The phone itself is working fine though, and I am happy with it. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews, but I really wanted a Lumia 900 so I took the chance. So far, so good. My seller was DealInABox, I think it was. I gave 4 stars instead of 5, because it did not come with headphones and it seems to be used or refurbished and it had already been unboxed, as indicated by the phone just banging around inside the box and not being secure, as well as the photocopied manual, and missing headphones. I would rather have had a new one like the description said, but for only 300 dollars AND unlocked, I won't complain too much about it. So far, I am happy with my purchase.The phone has a defect, the microphone it's not working when I try to make a phone call or when someone tries to call me people cannot hear me and I just went to the Lumia support and I did what the website asked me to do, I reset the phone by pressing and holding the volume down key and the power bottom until the phone vibrates to restart but the problem persists, I do not know what to do please help me, I'm not lying to you guys this is serious.Purchased this phone from Deal in a box. Looks to be new as described,Nokia box with a seal on it. Marked factory unlocked. The phone is a RM-808 version (Countries Mexico, United States). The phone came with charger and sim door tool but no headphones as seems come with at&t locked ones. This phone is unlocked. So far I am very happy with this purchase.Pros: 1.Arrived on time 2. Great package/good shape 3. Good quality phone for the price 4. Unlocked just like it was advertised 5. After practice, the pictures are clear and sharp So/So's: It is fast on some tabs and then others like facebook it is slow to upload. Cons: 1. Battery sucker!! I am a minimal cellphone user and it barely makes it through the day. 2. Does not have the ability to take a picture from the video :o( did not realize that beforehand. All in all, a great phone for the price and looking forward to playing with it some more.i love this phone. it is good for a starter windows phone i would have to say. and no the power button isn't hard to push.you do how ever have to fully push in the camera button but that's ok. and i ordered a net10 sim card for the phone and i cant w8 till it gets here so i can use the phone properly. and i love the no network no wifi working gps it is cool. only bad thing i see with it and it isnt that big of a deal but there is no actual contacts list which will be confusing at first. but all in all i love this phoneI want anyone to buy from this seller, make deals, and if the price goes up, do not send the goods .. is a malicious and vile person ... no one can give anything buying him this person as the goods will not Directions .... and it's not about the money, but because you told and the person you are going to give thought to do what ...Good looking phone, sturdy, gorgeous screen and unlimited music (Nokia music), free updated GPS maps from most of the world, the apps I need and a clean interface. I don't like spending time customizing the appearance of a phone, with this you have to be productive, it does the job. I can say it is really a steal for the (recent) price. Last week it got just better with the upgraded to 7.8I really like the phones and I think I will be getting my own soon, though I don't know if my parents will find them easy to for they were a gift to my parents . The only thing I was ever happy about is the confusion that occurred when I placed this items , but I hope it doesn't happen more often with some of your customers. Thanks for the discount though from the shipping fee.This product performed well, all tho When i received this product it had a definite microphone sound pic up issue, The seller totally and gracefully took care of me 100%. Seller was positive and very understanding, thanks again. Product had some great qualities. If anyone is doubting windows 7.5 or 8 on windows phone don't hesitate! Windows mobile is 100% better than years ago!Very good phone for the price. Smooth transitions between the apps, but it is still a Windows phone. This means limited access to apps to download. Battery life is decent. You can use it with regular use throughout the day without having to charge.I am not a fan of this product and had to return it due to the fact that the first time, the phone was not truly unlocked, and the second phone I received could not hook on to t-mobiles 4g Internet network. I ended up paying the return shipping for the phone. Very unhappy. I would not recommend this item for someone other than an AT&T user.The device came without original packaging. The pack they sent me it was unopened. There was a sticker on one side with the Nokia lumia IMEI and other codes. The pack itself wasn't a Nokia LUMIA Ppack that you would find in google search. I mean the BOX wasnt from nokia for sure. There were no manuals or the connectivity cable in the pack.Tell you my story of the Nokia Lumia 900: I order the Lumia 900 unlocked on Amazon, 3days later I received the phone, and I found it's not unlocked but limited to AT&T. Then I contact the seller, they said they can replace it for me. So I returned the phone back to them. After waiting for more than 4 weeks, I got the replaced one, which is till limited to AT&T. But the phone is very good, I think it's much better than Iphone.it was never an unlocked one. it was locked. so it was useless to me after i got to africa with it. why say it's unlocked if it's really not.it's common sense.I got this phone to do the bring your own phone thing with straighttalk at first I didn't think it was unlocked but come to find out it was a mistake I made... I missed one letter with the info straighttalk gave me lol but I have internet and I can receive and send pictures and I absolutely love the phoneThis was a great smartphone for its time. Got this as a replacement phone for my mother. It is disappoint it doesn't support all of the new apps coming out that only support Windows Phone 8 (Lumia 900 is running 7.8). The app selection is really what cripples this phone.It never worked and Motorola manual included, but no Nokia manual. I may be bringing action against GoodGuys; Amazon; and other vendors as I don't need the supplies and accessories I purchased to use with the Nokia. They are functionally defective because I do not have the phone to use the Lumina Cell Phone case, and measured screen covers. This does not meet the FTC Laws about good faith and fair dealings law.I love this phone. Easy to use. It came in Cyan blue. Came with no sim card but it wasn't difficult to acquire one. If you take it to a carrier other than at&t, you may have trouble sending or receiving photos. Download an application called Network Setup and you should be good. ;)The phone itself is nice, however, I am giving it two stars because it was not unlocked. I gave it to a friend as a gift. When he took it home with him, he was not able to use it. So, nice phone, but not unlocked.Do explain why you liked or disliked this product. Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product. Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations. Don't describe your seller or shipping experience (you can do that at amazon.com/feedback). Don't include promotional content of any kind or reviews written in exchange for compensation.Almost all of my favorite phones have been Nokias (N900), even the cheap ones that were usable (C3). I was hesitant to give up my E7. As I have used it I have come to appreciate the durable nature of the Lumia 900. Windows Phone 7.8 has all the apps I need and is great on Net10 4G.When I found this phone it said there was a micro SD slot.So I really can't use it to replace my Zune player which has over 55GB of music. I looked today 8-4-2015 and it is still there on the site saying there is a microSD slot. CLASSIC CASE OF BAIT AND SWITCH. There is no microSD slot on this phone.ITs a great price for a very good phone. I f you have not had a windows phone it may take a few days to get used to but once you do it functions really well.I had an HTC Trophy and loved the OS. I really love the clarity and the functionality. The ease of use really is what will keep me away from IOS or Android. I have used those in the past and I will never go back after using Windows Phone. I tried using friends phones using the other OS's and realized how difficult it was to go back to them.I love this phone. I have one so I bought my wife one just like it. My only complaint is the sound is not very loud in the headphones. Not sure if there is an adjustment for that or not. It seems to be louder by bluetooth, so that is the workaround.I finally convinced my husband to ditch the blackberry and get a Nokia. We searched and searched and he really liked this phone, According to him this phone is more user friendly and easier to operate. "I love my new phone" are his exact words.Does not have major apps available such as magic jack and Skype...windows hardly has apps available. Sounds like ur under water when speaking on the phone, had to use the phone on speaker mode only.I bought this phone as a gift and sent it overseas. My recipient realized that it was not working, I asked him to take to Nokia dealer and they told him that the phone is badly unlocked and it may only work for at&t sim which is not available in the place where I sent the phone. Its a total loss, do not buy it.a week of use the screen damage, leading to technical service and was told it was a disposable cel that had no repair. lost money and disappointed.Awesome phone! Wish it have more pages for the apps than just 1 long one though.I believe the lumia did its best despite there're few apps useful & I do need to set up the 4g my own instead of automatically done by others brand. Anw, ATT fone use Tmobile is complicated & lumia did do the job well2nd Amazon purchase that I got an item that doesn't fall in the 'new' category as advertised. The dirt at the ear speaker is quite visible and missing apps that are always pre-installed on windows phones are not there. Disappointed much!!!Nokia knows how to make phones. the only issue is that the Operating system is not a polupar one. Nevertheless you can find good apps for free. I wish Dropbox existed for this phone...excellentas expected even better than I thought, thank you .. very good quality product ... thanks for fulfilling my expectations .. great phone i love it...This phone does not have window 8 as advertised. Not happy that it was falsely advertised and window 7.8 does not support what I need it to. I would not buy from this supplier.First of all the phone can work only with AT&T so it is not unlocked. The picture of the phone on amazon doesn't have AT&T logo in the top right corner. I got my phone with a logo and it doesn't work with Tmobil though it says unlocked. Returned.I bought this phone a few days ago.alright I have only owned Nokia phones.i like the design n hardware of the phone but with android or even Symbian belle would b great.i really thought the battery life would h better but it barely lasts the day.if u browse or always have WiFi or phone provider data on...u will barely survive.with the free gifts u get,the headphones don't work.looks like they cost .01cents.a change in PS for me would be good but WI does...not sure.overall its a good phone,its fast and the size is perfect.os improvements is what's needed and I don't think Nokia and Microsoft are going to update this phone past wp7.8.if improvements come along,review will be updated.My wife liked it.nice phone for little kidsThe Nokia Lumia 900 I received was an AT&T phone. It has the AT&T logo on it.This cellphone was a gift for my wife. Although it took her a Little while to get to understand the format, once she got it down she got hooked on the phone!!! Happy, happy!!!the product failed not recommend this sellerperfect product. but take note that its an AT&T branded unlock phone which is not stated on the product description. I live in Abuja Nigeria and its a superb phone for adriod and BB users. my biggest setback is I cant transfer my important/official sms messages from my long used Nokia N95 8G phone to this phone. Overall , I'm very satisfied.The ability to transfer the existing contacts from the old SIM to the new phone should work, but for some odd reason that feature is turned off on this phone. Is it a Windows 7 limitation or a phone defect, it was good enough reason for me to return the phone back.The phone may simply stop charging in few months. If you don't believe me, google "My nokia lumia 900 won't charge" and find out yourself how many people are having this issue. In addition your nokia may not have a warranty in the US. Please don't waste your money.It is a windows phone and I dont like that it is not compatible with many apps i used on my other phone.Being a Nokia it had all the specs that I was expecting, however being a T-Mobile customer I had repeated problems and still do with receiving MMS texts. All else works fine.OkThe Lumia 900 is a nice phone, it is higher level of phone, well built, nice looking, my dad is using this phone and now im looking forward to get the lumia 920, I know for sure that the 920 is out of this world!!!!it is okay. but it is not the same product with the one which i pirchased for my brother. some issues are missing.I bought it since 10 months and it is still gorgeous! It works perfectly in my country - Bulgaria! I did not have any problem with it! Really fast browsing! I love it! And the camera photos are super amazing for 8mpx!The phone looks re-furbished; I was ok with that but two weeks ago the screen started flickering and it went off and even on plugging in did not come on for 3 days. I tried it again it came on but has gone off again. Certainly not worth the purchaseif u use for At&T work Ok . for T-Mobil work but not everywhere .it a very good celular,the price is very perfect of this model. But im recomend to put more money and buy the next model 920,because it perfect.its a great product and i would buy it again.DeficienteIt's a Nokia Lumia 900, simple. What more do you expect. The seller delivered the product faster than I expected and I am currently using it. Good price for the product. ThanksI was so excited to get this phone. I loved it! Until I realized the same day I got it that the charger it came with didn't work on the phone. But it worked on my other phone. Therefore there was something wrong with the phone. The phone couldn't charge. I would constantly turn on and off on it's own. I sent it back three days later. Such a bummerholds alot of information and i love my new phone there is not enough stars to rate thisI just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience. From now on I'll just use Windows phone for my daily use. My next gadget will be Nokia Lumia 920. I just can't look foward for this phone to hit the market.This phone works better than my original refurbished phone from ATT. This phone is a game changer. It's basically Star Trek in a pocket device.very good, excelenteSo ii Bought This Phone For My Mother And Well ii Was Kiinda Scared Cause ii Saw Other Reviews That It Isn't Unlocked But It Is! :) The Only Problem ii Had Which Was My Fault Is That ii Didn't Had A Mirco SimCard But ii Cut It For Myself And It Works Perfect ii Would Suggest ANYONE To Buy This (Y)I recommend it. It is exactly as published. I arrive at the stipulated time. Good product. Greetings from Mrida - VenezuelaNow I know why the iPhone has the best UI, it's simple, it works and doesn't dial by itself. The phone is sleek, comes with a mini USB slot. The camera has a reddish hue when taking pictures, has the usual digital lag during snaps. I'm back to my iPhone for a while.At first my wife did not care for it much but after getting some use out of it, she prefers this over her Sony Erickson. She said the photo taking is not as good as her older phone but she is learning to take better photos as she uses it more. She loves the tiles and it is much better getting mail. Doesn't have as much aps as some of the other phones but more and more are getting added daily. One thing she could not get over is how much faster this phone is compared to her Sony Erickson Arc S. She definitely recommendsI recomended this to all people whos like this mark, very good product, covered my expetations in many ways, and really fits mIT IS AN EXCELLENT PHONE, VERY GOOD PERFORMANCE, WORKS WELL IN 4 G, CONNECTION TO INTERNET QUICK, IS A TEAM THAT I RECOMMEND TO OTHER BUYERSNice phone. Feels solid and responsive. Just in the media lacking some integration for social network... I can recommend this for those looking for prepaid.Because it has the same camera as Iphone has, I bought. But when I take the pictures or videos, it can not beat Iphone at all, especially at night. I am a little bit disappointed. I used to use a HTC, and my data worked well. By this phone, I always lost my data connection. I don't know why it happens.Even though unlocked for all network, cannot download apps if not with the carrier the phone was originally made to. Very bad experience.As advertised. Phone is durable and very fast. I would recommend this phone to allwhom want a better bang for the dollarAll I have to say is thank God I am replacing a 900 because this came with no instruction manual! I just received today so I can't write more of a review at this timeNice phone a few issues with my personal preferences but still nice.Great phone was in perfect condition and was on time will order agian soonexcelenteThis was going to be a gift for an older relative. I read the manual before purchasing this phone. I have been a Nokia fan for many years and I was upgrading a phone for a older relative. The instructions said it was easy to transfer data from a Nokia OVI format to this windows format. Three hours on the phone with Nokia Support and many issue later it is not easy to transfer previous data with out a lot of programing. Also the Zune Software for pictures and music does not perform like the OVI. I guess it would have been better if I had started from scratch and not had such a very good previous experience. I would not recommend it as an upgrade. My relative will just stick with their previous Nokia product. I plan on returning the phone.great buy and fit my dad perfectly.. nice material and length! Went back and bought another in a different color!all goodmuy buen producto, excelente vendedor, entrega rapida y efectiva, el telefono me llego en excelente condiciones, agradecido por tan buen servicioThe phone is amazing. It is SIM free and the seller provided an additional unlock key. I could update it using the Zune software.The phone is everything that I expected it would be and it's easy to use for even the inexperienced cell phone user.Phone speakers died after having it for 7 monthsnothing wrong w/ the phone. communication and return was fairly easythe phone was for a gift but turned out ok, the person loves it. Good phone for the price. is okfit as expectedGreat price and no new plan to deal with.Great way to save money. Only 1/3 of the cost.thanks Amazon but quit nagging.The Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone features a large and vibrant 4.3" AMOLED ClearBlack Display. The AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode) technology increases the refresh rate of the screen and enhances the contrast ratio while reducing energy consumption to increase battery life. The ClearBlack Display (CBD) feature blocks incoming light reflections through a polarized layer to improve screen visibility under direct sunlight. This smartphone does not shy away from technology to enrich the user experience.All excellent.Good buyexcelentInternet and picture messages won't work if you use this phone with t-mobile .... They only work with WiFi on ... PointlessLoved this phone,easy to use, fast and 2 day battery life. Quick note-1st one I recieved had battery issue-wouldnt turn onIt sure was worth for the money I paid. Surely passable for a new mobile - but not with hands down.. The AT&T stuffs are still in there.. But who cares as long as we don't use them.. Definitely user friendly.. No usb connector in the box..(It was not promised , but still it is a necessity)I love this phone. It something new for me and camera takes great pictures but its not a lot of apps for windows phone such as instagram. But its great apps for photo n xbox live games.. I guess my phone look brand new, it was unlock for TMobile n I'm able to send pictures.very fineThe phone is beautiful and system is cute, but very hard to deal with. I gave up trying to add music into it. Things just don't work. Photos get spread into folders that I never created and they can't be managed. Contacts don't let you create customized labels. Tuff, but cute.It is a product that met the expectations, speed in delivery, good price, works well, I recommend it. I hope to buy. Thank you so muchgoodgoodgoodexelente productoI have received the product as described, and it works well.Let me start with the good, the camera and the apps are good. However, his phone is a fluke. I began to use this phone just over a month ago and several times the phone just freeze up and power off like it has a mind of its own. Today, for more than two minutes, I could not tell what was happening, the screen was black it would not turn on even though I did not turn it off. Then it powered back on all by itself. I bought this phone unlocked so I could use it without a contract. I think it is still connected to AT&T because the carrier I am with is unable to unlock the section where I can get picture text. I would not buy another one since AT&T seems to have a monopoly on them. I was wondering if I can go into their store so they can tell me how to unlock the picture text part of it. I believe it would be better to buy a phone that is not connected to any carrier and there would be no problem. I get drop calls in places where people with the same carrier doesn't them so I have to blame the phone. Because of all the problems I have with this phone, I would not recommend it to anyone unless I just happen to get one with a fault. The reason I bought it, is because I love the Nokia brand because they are usually last longer than others but now I have second thoughts about them.Windows Phone is awesome. It has a fresh interface than those of Android or Apple and great phones.Great Buy. AWESOME.I love this phone,it works great, it's fast,and the sleek look is awesome! I love the color. Windows phones are awesome!Excelenteit's okI am enjoying the phone. It offers quite a bit more than expected but, will be very disappointed if I obligated to replace it within a few months as so often happen.Phone purchased as a gift and so far working well. Recipient Happy and hopes to enjoy phone as long as it lasts.I bought it for my mom to use it abroad, but it arrived locked to AT&T and she can not use it now!It's the best phone I've ever bought so far. I recommend to anyone who is looking for a good phone for a affordable price.Arrived timely and in good repairThis phone does not come with a gorilla glass, do not be fooled.excelenteperfectmet on-time delivery, but I am not satisfied that acquired the phone with the feature released, since I am Venezuelan, to insert the sim card not accepted, asking me for a pin code in order to access the system or record the phone , which is not shipped with the package and therefore I could not give my phone use. locked.it very good but the sim card is small I do not like itexcelete rpoductofantasticI hate this phone, if i know windows 7 os mobile not supporting most of Apps like Viber, line ect. i never waste my money. so be carefull never buy windows phone.Excellent productI bought the "Unlocked" Lumia 900, but when the product arrived it wasn't. I try to search for a un unlock code somwhere in the invoice or any paper that came with the Cellphone. Finally I had to buy a unlock code over the internet.I always love pink, so this phone is perfect for me.The windows system is easy to use and these APPs are good,too.It is an AT&T phone but unlock code is provided so it is easy to unlock.Thank youThis don't come with head phones. very bad ear microphone.goodgoodit was an excellent phone by those times. Today not so good.Few days after I received the phone it was already starting freezing, turning off on its own and stuffs like that. I contacted JOYCELLS they told me it was normal and wasn't a major problem. Its been a little bit more than 3 MONTHS since I bought this phone and suddently 4 day ago it froze again as it usually does and till today it has never been on since. I lost my money purchasing this. I've always been a fan of Nokia phones. I still like the brand and my dad is using this same phone he purchased a years and half ago and its still working great. Nokia phones are great, I guess I just received a defective phone or whatsoever.Demasiado bueno puedo estar conectado a todas las redes sociales revisar mi correo, hacer transcripciones, archivos de excel, power point, es una buena herramienta de trabajo y un excelente telefonoits just the perfect phone for the nokia lovers. the phone texture is of high quality and comes with accessoriesgreat phonethank youEXCELLENTit was a great deal to buy this smart phone... i love it.... everything is good thank you.... nice itemDont buy from this Dealer, Camera is not working and went to Nokia Showroom to varify, then i got to know that this mobile was used and a servic had been on this Mobile in 2013. I have been cheatedexellentgreatafter 6 months, the vibration setting stopped workingNot user friendly.GoodI bought this phone from us wireless. it worked ok in the beginning but after a few months the screen just went on me. i got up a morning and the screen was fuzzy. i hardly even used the phone and it never fell. i was so disappointed.Please please dont buy this product .after 20 days being flash is typical character of this phone, then no one take the responsibilityGreat Phone, Full of Features and Visually Appealing Menus. Although GSM Unlocked, unable to get Data Across Straight Talk APN and WiFi. Suspect Data would work across AT&T Network.excellent product, good performance, I would like to change the size of the letters and to allow simultaneous work with two linesBirnHad to unlock the phone which was hell it didn't say that it's locked to ATT in the description cotme a lot for a code almost the same for a new one what a ripe oofftodo lo que esperaba del producto lo recibi.Unlocked, I can use it for text and call. And I do have data plan but it'sd not working... Was I doing something wrong?This is great deal on a Nokia Lumia Windows Phone with lots of features. Works well when syncing with other Window and Microsoft apps.. Best deal I found was at Amazon. And I obtained free delivery.Not bad, works perfect.I like this product and the brand y very like. I used this many times and is very nice. I like it.I bought this to give it away and the person that received it really liked it. I have you recommend other users to buy it.very good!since I received the phone I have not been able to use because it asks me for a code to unlock. And in Venezuela I have sought someone that knows how to unlock it and nobody knows. Now I do not know what to do with the phone. I feel very cheatedNot unlocked at all has AT&T written all over it and the settings are all AT&T Took it to Verizon and they could not do anything with it (get it to work)The Phone was like new and everything function is working ...and it came on the time..so thx you for businessexcellent phoneCell phone is goodthis phone is pretty good. It's unlocked so you can use it anywhere around the world. I love it and will recommend.Bought the phone for my sons birthday . Have the phone since October 2 but it is useless to him. Its advertise as unlock but its not. We are unable to get the code to unlock it. Stuck with a expensive paper weight.Such a GREAT PRICE for a Lumia!, considering the exorbitant prices we have here in Venezuela in matter of phones, it was a great deal!. I've looking since days for this phone, and I see the price is still dropping, yet the phone is at a good offer!. As the title says, it is unlocked. Worked perfectly fine Thanks!.in Venezuela, at Movistar, even when arrived, in three days detected an upgrade. Just bought a micro SIM, got phone line changed, and is perfectly working!.not what i expected but it is okayExcelenteI buy this phone for my wife. The cellphone works mind, very beautiful, The Operating system works perfect. The only thing, you need the zune software to share and copy files.this phone I bought it new and it last 2 months , I believe it was used ... really disappointingcoolpeople are talking about data plan and / or wi-fi settings, but it worked fine with my old samsung phone.Bought this for a colleague at work, and it malfunctioned out of the box. There was no audio from the receiver, like it was stuck in headphone mode. You had to pinch the top part very hard for it to function normally. Phone was sent back and a gift certificate was issued.its perfect, i love it.I give the five star rating, because what I saw in the catalog was actually what I was sent, I liked the performance on the date of delivery and recommend this product and seller. It is an excellent product to recommend.I bought this for 220. It has some defects. Automatically it goes to voice input and its diffcult come out from there and some times its dont have tower but other mobile has (same provider)Great phone and looks very executive when in casescreen issues, a lot of the window apps were not supported on this phone, couldn't send or receive pics unless whatsapp was downloadedmy wife an I are very happy with our phones great customer service we will be buying more phones in the future with wireless extra thanks christopherGood phone, nice sized screen, still using to find more information.great phone best phone ever thank you the phone works great and helpful recommend to everyone thank you its greatExcellent.UPDATE: the device is discharged and will no longer accept a charge...it is dead. I bought this phone to replace my HTC Windows phone, because the battery was terrible. I expected, with a more recent model, a different manufacturer, I would have a MUCH better experience...I was wrong. The battery life is as horrible as the HTC. Leaving just the cell radio on, no Bluetooth, no WiFi and the battery drains overnight. There is no native settings to manually set MMS settings, must download Lumia app. Other than those glaring faults, the phone does do what it is design to do...make calls, send/receive email, SMS/MMS, web browse. Just make sure you have a charger or power bank with you at ALL times.Excellentit's a very great cellphone, very modern, the pictures are very goog with this camera. muy bueno el telefono en pocas palabras.I am loving this phone. I am not much of a tech guy. So i am slow to learn alot of features the phone has, but then instruction are in plain speak. Thank you.Some issues with the "back/return" button. It does not always recognize that it is being touched.This phone fits my requirements of (1) GPS voice turn-by-turn navigation, (2) Simple to operate and (3) Affordable. The phone works well with T*Mobile.Excelentethe phone has a dent and wouldn't even charge! 718 phone customer service was horrible when it comes to return!It's a decent phone with a good camera. I've enjoyed the operating system as a change of pace from iOS and Android... if I were rating just the phone, I would probably give it a 3 1/2. Unfortunately, I have to give it a lower score than that because of the deceptive marketing on this item. The phone I received was not unlocked, and on closer inspection has AT&T branding. I bought it from DailyCelluar, and I believe that they intentionally lied to me to scam me out of additional money. I would leave this negative review with them, except that too much time has elapsed for me to do that.Did not work, but was given a refundperfectThis phone was awesome!!!exelente productoI LIKE MY PHONE OTHER THEN ITS HEAVY NOT LIGHT BUT OVERALL VERY PLEASED WITH ITS PERFORMANCEaaa+++goodI purchased it from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS and really disappointed. This phone is defective, mike, speaker doesn't work. battery life is extremely low and phone reset on its own.Ever since I got the phone, I've had to use WI-FI to make calls. Not for the internet, TO MAKE CALLS AND GET ONLINE FROM IT. At no point did the seller mention that issue or the phone CANNOT receive pictures via text message. And because it was passed the first 30 days, the seller won't do anything to make this right, not even the smallest refund on this not so cheap costing product. I will make sure everyone knows not to buy from this seller! They pride themselves on swindling their customers.Meets my expectations, I recommend it completely, it is very nice and good weight and size, plus is quite repido during use.bienBEAUTIFUL THE PHONE AND SOLVED THE PROBLEM WITH THE RELEASE ... RESPONSIBLE PEOPLE FORM VERY VERY FAST AND EASY RESOLVED THE PROBLEM THE THANK RECOMMENDperfectoNokia Lumia 900 Black Factory Unlocked is good just i have one note , it is not factory unlocked it is unlocked by AT&T but work with all sim cards .I am very unhappy with the camera and that is the whole reason I bought it :( I wish I had bought anything else.lacks commercial invoice Rest everything and so far excellent Shuttle not much else to say my thanks for the product but I would appreciate q porq send the commercial invoice is to be sentThe phone was received just as stated in the description. Everything as expected. I really like it amazing !!!!! :)I bought this phone in white a few months ago. my boyfriend liked it so much that I gave it to him. I ordered the blue one for me. we love them.Turn it on only once, after that it died, my return time expired.. so i'm screwed with this piece of plasticThis is my second L900, I sold the first one with a good margin and inmediately bought the same model as I'm convinced this covers my needs. I'm impressed with the attention from the seller (MobileTronix), they shipped my order inmediately even when I ordered near COB. Item arrived two days later without any issues or unwanted details. On the contrary, they even included a car charger and a case. Phone is properly unlocked (as advertised), brand new, AT&T branded (nothing's perfect, right?) and it got earphones even! (the first one included only the charger). I'm very satisfied with what I got for my money.It is a good phone, a little confusing at first but is easy to use once you get the hang of it.The product met my expectations & was good value for money ! The best thing i liked about the phone is the stand by battery life which came up to over a week !!I like all nokia products and this is awasome. Besides, my son bought for a gift and it works perfectly.buenogreat phone , great appearance, easy to use and strong phone indeed. i love the window phone compare to iPhone i hadbuy this phone thinking it was unlocked it is has the logo of AT & T, This is a scam. NEEDED AS RELEASED, cheated me .....EXCELENTEworks great great customer service in love with the phone great battery life great great great great great great appsThe phone stopped working and it's not even 3monthsI love this phone, it is good and faster. Easy to use, I would recommendt it for everybody and anybody! I am inlove with my Nokia, perfect!Battery life has a short shelf life, otherwise it is a good pieceI don't b like itExcellent brand, I have to adapt myself to this kind of technology, and this is a good way to startGreat phone. Reasonable price too bought this phone last week. first it's AT&T device but unlock you can use by any simcart second it's not in the orginal box third Phone is not in the original cover. cover was only plastic. fourth you can not update to windows phone 7.8 because at&t is not supporting yet. Seller didn't say anything about AT&T i was thinking its a brand new original ( to everything ) device but this is only device one reason for buy, price is very less.ExcelenteThe battery would not charge all the way up. What use is a phone if you can't charge the battery.exelenteexcellent productnice phone i like itAWESOME! LOVE IT. GREAT PHONE...GREAT PRICESleek phone, feels great in my hand. There are so many ways to personalize it and make it your ownGOODVery well. ThanksExcelent, arrived at time!!hermosomuy bueno excelente equipo con todas sus funciones cmara excelente conectibidad excelente muy buen telfono y el precio muy buenoperfectonly came with the phone/wall charger, nothing else, no stylus, no manual... ended up having to send back, bought another one though from a different site and it came with everything... but vibrates out of the blueGoodexcelente...mejorarnot new, it was used or refurbished.. It had some scratches on the sides and the screen was not in the level it should.. it was like glued wrong. The box was a fake Nokia box with the wrong design of the letters "Nokia" also the charger was a black cable and a whte connector when it should be all White.it's ok but it is a use cellmuy buenomuy biengood oneel equipo funciona perfectamente en venezuela 4g con movistar muy completo ademas es bonito las band son 850/1900/2100 con sus accesoriosIS GOOD SERVICEexcelenteAs other feedback says this is Not a factory unlocked phone. It's an AT&T phone that they unlocked and sold. I did not get any headphones.yo this phone is really good its gsm unlock just like it say. i brought mine new so there where no sractes or scuffs, or dents. it come with everything. as for the att apps you can just delet those and download the office nokia apps. for me my phone calls havent been drop or anything. i have simple mobile and the speed is 4g i get coverage basically everywhere i went last week. for those who dont know simple mobile is basicaly tmobile so if you have tmobile then your good. you need a mirco sim card. i heard that it doesnt work with most head phone, and let me tell you that is a lie, i have skull candies and ipod earphones and it works well with itThe phone is great,I just can't understand why some sellers such that one post a faulse description,it's not unlocked,shame on you,that's cheating...I love my nokia lumia, it is great, the only problem is that I can't send messages like *100#Ok but as I understood it was windows phone-s issue, anyway I would reccomend it and the seller (Wireless Extra) P.S Sorry for my bad Englishstill trying to get used to a windows based phone. will update more when i have had it longer.My rating would have been five stars, but it is a little difficult learning all of the functions, attractive color, design.This is my first smart phone. WOW. I am still learning all the functions. I did not receive the manual for this phone but found lots of help in the software settings and setup sections. Just purchased a set of Bluetooth headphones and I highly recommend this if you enjoy music and like to have the option of hands-free talking while driving or working around the house. Everyone who has seen the phone is impressed and our grandchildren love to play games and listen to music with it. Just learned how to access the photos in the skydrive "cloud" which is awesome. I had been copying photos from my phone to my PC and then onto SanDiscs for years in order to have backup copies. I am still a newbie but learning more and loving the whole experience!The cell phone was purchased under the condition of being unlocked, after it arrive to my home I could see that this cellphone was At&t locked. It will no work with my carrier. So be aware when buying from this seller.it was really excellent!! i love it. this is what im looking for. now i can enjoy it! thank you.The phone belongs to the phone company at & t is true is unlocked, but it comes from the factory as stated in the publication, I want to note that in the last comment I forgot to post that the phone did not bring the handsfree, so it seems to me very the publication distasteful that place. for this reason I do not recommend the store.I hate this telephone because I expected to be able to sync with my Microsoft Outlook. I do not like the fact that it only synced with Hotmail. I don't really use my hotmail account. I use my other accounts for professional uses. I really expected to get more out of this telephone but was really disappointed. The telephone however, did arrive on time and in great condition.the blue tooth of this phone is not working. also the battery less than 15 hours on few use. and this phone only 10 days left for Nokia original one year warranty. I am going return this phone.Excellent product. I'm in Venezuela and I received my phone before the expected arrival date and in excellent condition. The cell it's really Unlocke. It has wonderful Nokia apps already installed. It's the best phone I've ever has. Thankssssgood but not enough no ext memory can be installed . not too long battery flash is useless at night very bad picture at night.It's a great phone but compared to Apple?? Psh.. No way. Apple is way better. But the service with the seller was great! So if you want a nokia 900, buy from here!!Its AT&T unlocked cellphone but who cares it works with the network am using. And am already starting to like this phone. Cellphone looks great and for me its better than my problematic ex-droid phone.excellent fast and very efficient phone camera sometimes distorted can not fix it and I had to sell but to rest wellGreat phone with lots of featuresLLEGO EN BUENAS CONDICIONES Y FUNCIONA BIEN ADEMAS LLEGO BIEN EMBALADO, EL TIEMPO DE ENTREGA , FUE UN POCO LARGO DEBIDO TRAMITES EN VENEZUELABad product phone does not work It's a rip off don't buy this phone it will never. Not even interneti CAN NOT UNDERSTAND WHY I WILL ORDER FOR AN ITEM WHICH IS TAGGED FACTORY UNLOCKED AND WHEN I EVENTEUALLY RECEIVE IT, IT IS A LOCKED PHONE. AM SERIOULY DISAPPOINTED IN THE ITEM AM SEARCHING HERE HOW TO GET THE UNLOCK CODE... HELP OUT IF YOU WISH. I HAVE HAD SERIES OF PHONE TAGGED UNLOCKED AND YET I RECEIVE LOCKED PHONES AND AGAIN INCOMPLETE PACKAGE LIKE THE CD AND EARPIECE ARE MISSING. EVEN THE MEMORY CARD OF ITEMS ARE ALWAYS NOT INCLUDED. WHY??????????????????exelenteThis is an At&T unlocked phone, not a fabric unlocked. All the box and some apliccations are connected with this brand. Some issues with data connection. Its better to pay a little bit more and get an fabric unlocked model and you wont be bothred with at&t logo all time that you turn on this cell phone.excelentI feel cheated. sell the product as it is unlocked and I communicate with them and not give me a solution. amazon may not stain his image with such vendorsdont waste your time buying this phone to use on Net10 service, the picture mails dont work, doesnt matter what combinations of APN setting you do. The apps store for window phone is ten years behind everyone elses. They dont even have simple app like American Express, and TD bank. But the phone itself is beautiful, they should run it on android system instead of window.I chose to get the 900 series after hearing complaints about Windows 8. This is my first full size smart phone and the ease of use is amazing. Without a book, I was able to add contacts, etc. Note: If you are buying a smart phone for the first time, the SIM card from your previous phone will not fit. It uses a micro SIM card. Make sure you have your contacts backed up. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this phone.Appears to be very durable no doubt about that but sim card couldnt fit, I had 2 cut my sim to fit, info about phone did not say it was mini sim.. very hard to pair with other phones for bluetooth.. but I like it, it worksexcelenteit has been locked again i think as was not promised. so not good i strongly oppose this seller sogood phone!I was pleased to deal with this person because his goods too great And can communicate with him at the time ofThe best !It's not unlocked! I am very dissatisfied with this product the main reason to buy it is that was unlocked.I purchased my Lumia 900 from Mobile Tronix. I was concerned at first about the low cost, but after a couple of emails to them, went ahead and ordered. When I got the phone it was in a Nokia box with charger and headphones. The 900 was brand completely new though I was a bit worried at first when I saw the T&T logo in the top right corner. Even more so when on starting up it was all "T&T". but as soon as I tried it out it was truly unlocked. After deleting all the contract stuff I now have my own personalised Lumia 900 and am so very pleased with it.THE PHONE IS NICE ,BUT MINE REQUIRED A SEND BACK TO NOKIA FOR A REPAIR.IT COULD NOT BE REPAIRED SO I AM RECEIVING A NEW PHONE . I THINK ITS A PROBLEM WT. THE BATTERY .IAM ALSO FORCED TO BUY A NEW SIM CARD FROM STRAIGHT TALK BECAUSE I HAVE A NEW SERIAL #ON THE PHONE.,ALTHOUGHT IF IT WERE A PHONE SUPPLIED BY THEM (S.T.) U CAN USE THE OLD SIM CARD !!!!!!! THANK YOU STRAIGHT TALK!!!!I purchase this item because the iphone 3G I bought was defective. I received the item on schedule. The phone works perfectly. Not even one single fault with this phone. From henceforth I will always buy from somersoft. Some of my friends even find it hard to believe I bought the phone used. This is one of the best bargain I had ever got from Amazon. I recommend somersoft for any electronics shopping to buyers. ThanksCalidaI always loved Nokia with their long life batteries....but this one I think they sold me one with a "dead" or bad battery, because normally at standby it will after 10 days when you have to charge the Nokia....this one is no longer than 2 days!!! without doing nothing!! I like the Nokia but not what they say about the standby time!loveMuy buenoOrdered 3/1/2013 Today 3/27/2013. HAS NOT SHIPPED YET?? Are you trying to sell something that you do not have any stock of? Please address this or don't waste my time. HMreceived the equipment and never lit, I thought it came fully discharged and discarded with other chargers actually burnt wine team, plus it did not bring handsfree or a user's manual, I am very upset about the teasing after me to trust in youSorry don't know how to report this product so I'll do it here. The product description is not correct. For example, it says: "However, it does support MicroSD cards for removable flash memory space if the need arises. It is a smartphone that operates on the Android 2.3.5 operating system". NO! This uses the WINDOWS PHONE 7.5 operating system and DOES NOT support MicroSD cards. This is actually an awesome phone (that's why I didn't want to give a 1 star rating, take it as you may) and I'm a WP 7.5 user who really enjoys it but it's important that people buy based on the true information of the product. Please fix this! Edit (12/16/2012): Seems they have fixed the phones description, thank you very much.The phone is overheating. Added to that, it has to be charged very often, like every 2 hours or so. I would appreciate it if someone can tell me how this situation can be rectified. Can I have it returned and/or replaced? Please advise me soonest.Don't be foolished by this ad, the device is not Android based. It works with windows 7.5. I'm trying to charge it for the first time, but I'm not sure it is working. And all of my friends that bought a similar model told me that it came with earphones, and this one didn't. I'm very disappointed, if I could I would return it. Also, the box does not look like the one in the picture and the phone is from AT&T. I hope it is really unlocked, I'll try it today.Okay so I'm not going to lie I have never been the biggest fan of Windows products however I had heard some good reviews on the phones so I opted to get one. The truth is I actually switched back to android after getting this phone because it does have a good amount of issues. Now don't get me wrong I got some good use out of this phone and I didn't despise it however I wasn't the biggest fan of it either. So before i get into the bad i'm going to mention the good because I feel good news should come before bad. So the first great thing about this phone is how sleek and nice looking it is. This is a sexy looking phone and it feel nice in the hand when surfing the web, texting, and calling; it's a nice phone to handle. It's also pretty reliable, I won't lie I drop my phones sometimes (who doesn't? if you say you don't you're a liar) and this phone has never cracked a screen or stopped working, worst thing that's happened is the case gets scuffed. Call quality is crystal clear and it's never dropped a call not even when I've been out hiking, the call quality on this phone is fantastic. The phone's LCD screen is also immensely beautiful and images and videos are in perfect HD resolution, the speaker is also surprisingly loud even though it's pretty small. Now this phone earned the nickname "The Stormtrooper" for being immensely tough and resilient against breakage, however I feel much like Stormtroopers it misses it's shots on a lot and I mean a lot of points which gives me pause on ever buying one again. The first big issue isn't even a functionality problem more of a Windows problem. If you're an app person just walk away because Windows doesn't even have a quarter of the apps that Apple and Android have, in fact the amount of apps that this phone supports is almost comically small and laughable. The only two real social media platforms that this phone supports is Facebook and Twitter, Instagram is nonexistent (they offer a beta version but some phones don't support it and it's pretty broken) and snapchat is off the radar. As an alternative some users have created "portal" type versions of these apps that allow you to sort of connect to the social media platform you want however they are not very user friendly. The second biggest issue is the battery life on this phone, so while it boasts a whopping 7 hours of calling that is only true if that's all you do on this phone. If you surf the web, text, call, use Facebook, etc. You will be lucky to get 5 hours out of the phone before the battery saver function cuts your fun short and gives you a 30% battery life warning. The biggest problem with the battery isn't even the life span but the fact that it is an integrated part of the phone that cannot be accessed. The battery is a permanent part of the phone's internal working and cannot be switched out at all, one thing I like about other phones is the option to change your battery out because the batteries are removable however that isn't an option here since the battery pack cannot be removed. The third issue is that this phone does NOT support micro SD cards AT ALL nor can it be made to. This phone actually has an internal storage with no option for external storage so unless you upload your photos to Window's version of the Cloud (which is 100% permanent and cannot be taken down i might add so beware what you post) you will lose all of your vacation pictures and selfies if your phone were to ever gonk out. I got about a good year of use out my Lumia 900 before the phone finally gonked but I personally believe that there are better options for phones out there. All in all I didn't hate my Lumia but I probably will never purchase this phone again given the amount of setbacks it has. Now don't take my word for it try the phone yourself and for all you know you may love it. For me personally however I was not a fan of this phone.The Nokia Lumia 900 was my first smartphone. Im a programmer, so I really appreciate how easy it is to write software for it. That being said, the phoen itself is what I'm rating so lets get to it. The Good: I love the feature-rich experience and the battery life is quite good. Despite what I have read from other websites it seems fairly light to me (then again, I don't like owning a smartphone that feels like its gonna float away). The speaker is one of the loudest I have ever heard on a smartphone, and it outputs really good quality audio too! The camera takes excelent quality photos and I feel that it is quite feature-rich. The flash is extremely bright, and makes a good flashlight in a pinch. the case is so tough that I dare someone to try and break it. I have yet to scratch the phone case itself and I have had this phone for about 6 months now (I tend to drop my phone, so this is impressive). The Bad: Let me first say that I DO NOT have a problem with the hardware. I have a few compaints about the software though. If you know about WP already then the rest of this section won't help you. That being said, I would dearly like to be able to make playlists on the go without the need to sync with zune software. I will also be excited when more developers get apps into the store (although all the ones I need are already there). My biggest issue right now is the OS upgrade, or rather the lack of one. WP8 came out and lumia 900 users kinda got the shaft. Bottom Line: This phone is an excelent choice! The price is excelent, the calls are clear, the interface is sleek, and the phone is near indestructable. I would like to see some love from microsoft in regaurds to software upgrades, but other than that I would (and do) recomend this phone to anyone who wants a good, dependable phone.UPDATE: MMS function is broken. The phone can neither receive nor send images and videos via text. I've tried troubleshooting it using every trick I could find on the internet including the official forums of Microsoft, Nokia and my career, with no result other than wasting almost an entire morning. And I am very tech-savvy (seriously, I've hacked all my kindles so far. I use Linux. If I can't solve the problem, not many can.) I deduct 2 stars from my 3-star review because this is kind of a big deal for most users. Come on MS and Nokia, how do you expect to survive against Apple and Android with a problem like this? UPDATE: Zune constantly causes trouble. Every time I need to connect my phone to my Win 7 pro pc, I need to troubleshoot manually from the device manager to get the PC recognize the phone. If this happened in 2004, I would understand. Back then, our standards of plug-n-play were much lower. Now, they are high and especially because THIS IS A WINDOWS PHONE CONNECTING TO A WINDOWS PC. How would the people who buy iphones feel if they connect it to their macbooks and it fails to even recognize the device? Dumb right? So, I take a star off. Still good phone for the price, but if you can afford a good android, go for it I say. ORIGINAL REVIEW: I bought this phone new on another website (woot.com, affiliate of amazon) for 199.99, it was a great bargain for the price. I would consider buying at Amazon.com's price too. Pros: 1- Very responsive touchscreen. I can't tell the difference between the latest iphone and Lumia 900 in this regard. 2- Light. 3- Sleek look. 4- Unlocked. (T-mobile doesn't list 900 on their compatible phones list but everything works including 4g) 5- Great price. Cons: 1- Zune. To connect it to a computer you have to install Zune. Windows 7 doesn't even recognize the phone without Zune (which is ironic, because it is after all a windows phone), I don't like producers shoving down clinger-ware down my throat just because they can. The device has 16 GB memory (12 available after OS and updates). So, why the hell not install the communication protocol on it and don't make me use Zune as interface. 2- The landscape mode is a bit glitchy. It keeps going back to the portrait mode when you enter a new contact to your phone book. You have to turn and twist it a bit to get it back to landscape. 3- Not as many apps. Most app developers consider windows platform a dead-duck. So, if you want to use the newest apps, stick to apple or android. In-betweens: 1- Camera. It works well for a phone camera but nothing to write home about. 2- Sound quality. Works well. Again nothing special. The speakers can get very loud, do you really want to use your phone speakers to listen to music? Verdict: Solid smart phone for the price. It is near unjustifiable to pay triple for the newest Iphone or Android machine unless you are crazy about the apps.I bought the Lumia 900 on AT&T when it first came out. Likes: Operating system. It's easy to use and responsive. Battery life. Goes on and on. Screen. It's bright and big. Dislikes: Operating system. This phone has the old Windows phone 7 or 7.5. Apps. There are not a whole lot out there. And there are few if any new ones. Whenever I go to the 'Store,' I see the same old dog apps that have been there for the last 1 1/2 years. Camera. The camera initially worked well, but the lens has become cloudy - and I've taken good care of this phone. As a result it is unusable. Not only are pictures and videos no longer possible, but the phone's scan capability has been rendered useless. I can no longer scan bar codes for price checks. I'm stuck with this thing for another 7 months till my 2 year contract is up. What a disappointment! Not so much Microsoft's phone system, but Nokia's product quality.I was a devoted Blackberry user for the last 5 years. When the Windows phone came out I was interested, and when I won one I was thrilled! Now that I've had the chance to play with and use the Nokia 900 here are my thoughts. First, wow. This is supposed to be THE camera for those who want great pictures. YEAH RIGHT. Nearly all of my pictures turn out blurry, and if I zoom in...OH.MY.GOSH. They are truly terrible. Pixelated and just horrid. This is most definitely NOT what I expected from this phone's camera! Another huge downfall for me is the inability to choose which album my photos go to when I share them to Facebook. This is a developer issue, I believe, not necessarily the phone's issue (but maybe it is?), but it is a BIG deal to me. I don't want photos to just go to my "mobile uploads". I miss my speed-dial option. I used to have a set key to call my house and my husband's cell phone, I am unable to do this with the 900. :( I also found it too easy to change the sound for the ringtone and in-call while in your pocket (or purse) or while you are actually talking/using the phone. Another thing I dislike is the ability to change the calendar view permanently. I prefer month view, but you cannot get month view to stay on your calendar settings, only daily view and then you have to touch to see the month view. A minor annoyance, but still very cumbersome to me. The battery life is unimpressive. With minor use I go through my battery in less than 10 hours. I need a battery that lasts longer. Even with the battery saver turning on it doesn't do enough. Also, if you prefer to have a light background vs the dark background you will go through your battery even faster. Have a car charger available! Another HUGE thing is the inability to select text. I often want to copy text that is in an email and I am unable to do this with the Lumia 900. Huge disappointment and another reason I miss Blackberry. :/ Things I do like... I like the Windows OS. I like the Windows 8 OS better than this 7.5 Mango, but it's not all that bad. I like the ability to have multiple alarms. I like the screen, it's large and beautiful. The touch screen is pretty accurate, and I was able to transfer from the actual qwerty keyboard to the virtual one fairly easily ( I was very tentative of this). The apps that are available are great, there are plenty of free apps that are great to have. I love that I can watch Netflix on this device! I am looking forward to trying the 920 and I am hoping some of these issues have been resolved...but for the Lumia 900 all I can say is it's "okay".I have had this phone for several weeks now and it is absolutely a great phone. Very nice upgrade from the iPhone. It is not an Apple phone and having said that, I am glad it is not. iPhone and Apple as a whole have moved us into this grove that we have forgotten the true potential of smart phones. That being said, Nokia has always made the most durable and reliable phones and this phone is nothing short of amazing. I would however support a move away from Microsoft software on the phone and going back to Nokia software. It worked flawlessly back then and I would expect nothing less if they moved back to their roots of doing mobiles the way they should have always been done. All in all, you cannot go wrong with this phone !Nice sturdy phone and great camera, but limited to WP 7.8 As a Windows Phone, it does pretty much everything you need in a smartphone from email, to web surfing, social media, games and taking pictures. It's an all in one package, and Live Tiles are pretty cool! I would recommend a newer Windows Phone, WP8 added much more features to the Windows world. It's totally worth checking outSo much better than any iPhone (Yes even the 5S and 5C)! It has a much larger screen with better image quality, much better camera with amazing low-light pictures, and great ease of use. Another awesome feature is Skydrive and Microsoft Office are all synced. It is light and relatively thin. This phone has convinced many iPhone users to switch, and not regret that switch. If you are a gamer, this phone comes with Xbox Live integrated into many of the apps to add up gaming achievements and Xbox points. Finally, this is one of the most durable phones I have seen on the market, I have dropped it numerous times and all of those drops have turned out uneventful.I got my Nokia Lumia 920 from AT&T 1 month ago exactly, and today it turned itself off. I've been unable to get it to turn back on. The folks at AT&T were also unable to help me turn it back on, so they're mailing me a new one. But if I could have my way, I would trade it in for an Android. The camera on this thing is excellent, no doubt about that, but most apps are developed only for Android or iPhone. I can't get many of my favorite apps on this, so it definitely left me wanting. Games that were free on my Samsung cost $1.99 on a Nokia. AND THERE IS NO POSSIBLE WAY TO REPLACE THE BATTERY ON THIS THING. I want everyone to be aware of that. Though I hear that most of the newer phones are heading in that direction. Manufacturers are starting to get greedy. Now when the battery dies, we can't just go out and buy a new battery. The entire phone will have to be replaced. It's big and clumsy. I miss my Samsung. The call clarity is great, the OS is good, and it links up very well with hotmail (all of my camera pics were on my SkyDrive, even though I didn't put them there). I just feel like all these perks would also have come with a Samsung. That's it.So I purchased this product and the very same day, 2 hours later I sent it back. The phone was in perfect condition, the phone looked amazing and beautiful but my issue was it doesn't let you download free music and it barely has any apps. For someone who uses their phone for more than talking and texting this phone is not for you. Rethink getting this phone if you love music also.First of all the good thing is that is very resistent and hard so if you drop it , it might not break so easily , but the problem here its OS its a pain in the ass to put music on it (got to download Zune) the variety of apps its almost none to not existent (no skype ,shazam , facebook , ) etc etc so if you're going to get a phone just for a phone then go aheadThe phone is a very solid build when I first have it. But then two problems came: 1. The front face camera leaks dust and now it has accumulated so much dust that the camera is not usable. 2. The proxy sensor issue where phone immediately goes dark during a phone call even if I am not near the phone. From the little research I have done, the above two problems are very common issue and have no resolution. And I have contacted Nokia, and these issues are not even covered in warranty. I am very disappointed. I will go get myself a new phone after 4-5 month use of Lumia 920.I owned this phone and there's a glitch, water range but beside that i love it i just ran it over with my snowboard and it has a scratch and it works fine, no sd card im going to stay with Nokia i have the windows 7.5 but waiting for the 7.8 will be soon. I live it and i had a iPhone up to a 4 and a couple of androids.... This phone takes a beating and all the scratches go away fast.This is a steal at $188 and similar feature worse looking Samsung selling at more then $300 at least.. It was a no brainier for me and I loved the value i got from this buy... Windows apps are smooth and I have all the apps I need.. People should not have complains that there are not enough apps on windows... The build quality is awesome and looks bettering hand even compared to iPhone 5 that looks cheap..Let's say you don't charge your battery and then you need to make an emergency call. So you plug it in and have to wait 15 minutes while windows hi-jacks the boot sequence to ensure there's enough juice to boot the system. Forget the call you just have to wait!Overall I really like this phone. Only negative is the shortfall of apps compared to iPhone and android. Battery life is good enough and the speed is very good. Like the windows environment and live tiles. I have not been able to find a good clock app, would like a live tile clock.I am enjoying the phone and the features I have managed to use already, but I have to say I am some what disappointed by the frequency of which I have to charge my phone. It could be jus me or I have to get used to the battery usage for smart phones but I some have to charge the phone after 8 hours of use and the most I have done is used whatsapp. Other than that than it works great and the keyboard is fantastic. App could be better doa.Nothing but a great product, totally recommended...do no think twice before buying this product since you will not regret it.The only thing that sucks is the app market I miss instrgram. It takes amazing pictures and is easy to use.I bought this for daughter at Amazon. The with phone work perfectly well on H2O wireless. Intact.Great phone. User friendly. Easy to set up. Great GPS. Better than the sony Xperia I just purchased and planning on returning.Excelenteactually this phone is unlocked, excellent, works perfect with digitel in VenezuelaI picked up this phone last Friday and everything about it has been amazing. I have been an iPhone users for the past 6 years and have grown tired of being locked into Apple's ecosystem. I enjoy the 920 very much and that camera is truly amazing. Definitely a great buy!!everything is top notch. The built quality, hardware, camera, fluid UI, and a great software experience. Only short coming is that it has fewer apps than iOS or Android, but all the significant ones are there.very good qualityHorrible has no apps worth a damnLove the phone. Only problem, look out for model number. 900 is 3G only. 900.1 was phone I replaced due to breakage is 4G/LTE, so I lost the faster data rate with this phone. Still works great though...EXCELENTEThe app r not loading y no whatupI received my Nokia cell phone is an excellentExcellent phone. I had already gotten one for my wife and my daughter wanted one also.The phone is NOT UNLOCKED !!!!! Please dont buy it.... i was getting on ebay for much cheaper and spent 20$ and trusted this seller.... i am completely dissatisfied.Nice phone excellent. But u should be able to take out the battery at will it's fixed into the phoneI did not like the phone do to its camera, so I sent it back and now 9 days later BREED has still not refunded us.Excellent!Very Good and eficentmuy buenolove how it slides into my pocket. I've dropped it a couple times and no breakage, so I am under the impression they make these tough. Like it a whole lot.excelenteExcelentno entiendo porque tardan tanto si no lo tienen pueden decirnos y lo podemos cambiar por otroWorking GREAT for my mother.Excellent item!The phone is locked, so i did not get what i bargained for.Does this phone has a place u can insert Sim card.I likeWhat is android 2.something? No sd slot? Wth of phone?this is not unlockedFirst of all 5 stars to the Lumia 900. There are plenty of strong reviews out there so I won't bother. But as of early August, 2012 Nokia does not offer a unlocked Lumia 900 to the US market. So ANY phone you get is likely imported, and therefore will only have a warranty in the phones country of origin. Hopefully this is the only downside, I spoke with 4 Nokia reps to try and get all my questions answered. Hardware and software wise... they seem to be and was told that they are identical. Just an FYI.It's a nice phone with all the basic features I want. It was a branded previous model that no longer is available from my wirelss provider (who doesn't believe in basic phoines anymore). Unfortunately this is a pre-paid phone. I was specifically avoiding pre-paid phones because most can't be used on a wireless contract. I carefully checked the ad which didn't say this was a pre-paid phone and said something to the effect of "easily activated." I purchased on the assumption it would work It didn't - it wouldn't activate. My wireless provider said the phone would have to be used for 6 months as a pre-paid before I could use it on my service (I couldn't just wait 6 months, I had to used it for 6 months). Anyway, I contact the seller and explained the situation. They were very understanding and accommodating. I was immediately sent a prepaid shipping label and got a refund within a few days. The refund was for the purchase price and shipping. Since the return label was prepaid, the whole ordeal only cost me time and for that I blame my service provider. The seller offered help when I asked for it, treated me courteously, and made the return as easy as possible. I wouldn't hesitate going back to this seller in the future should I decide to confront the wireless demon one more time.This phone was a great alternative to a smart phone, but now it wont stay charged for more than 5 minutes while using it. It can be fully charged but if I get a phone call I have to tell them that its going to die during the conversation. Now I have to look for a new phone.I guess it's my own fault for not reading the description when it clearly states "NO CHARGER" since I do already have one, but phone is as described. Works well. I bought it for only the battery door but good back up phone. ThanksPerfect for my husband's work phone. No problems and it does use Page Plus.My order arrived missing a power cord. Upon my complaint to them, E.Deals.2013 did promptly resolve the problem for me and I was impressed with their customer service. They are an honorable vendor and I will buy from them again. As to the product, it's the best cell-phone deal on the net. It's simple for my purposes, but is easy to use, sturdy, and reliable. J. Rick NormandPerfect for me. I don't need anything fancy. I use it mostly for travel. In case you have problems on the road you have a way of calling for help. Also, you never know when you might need to dial 911.For a very basic cell phone this will satisfy. You are not buying this phone to surf the web! BUT since it doesn't have a slot for a memory card, you will not be able to transfer any pictures you take directly to your PC. If you are a Verizon user, they have a back-up feature that will help. BUT for non-Verizon users, e.g. PagePlus, the work-around would be to send pictures one by one to another cell phone that is capable of transferring them to a PC. BTW you can use Bluetooth to transfer your contacts to/from another Bluetooth capable cellphone that accepts V-card info.We purchased this phone for dad , for a emergency use phone. He is 85 with dementia so simple is best .This was a new Gusto2 to replace my old one that died after 7 years of service. I needed the same phone to keep the same prepaid plan.Nice little phone to replace my original Gusto which did not survive the washing machine. Easy to use, nice display and features that fit most of my needs. The prepaid plan minimizes the phone bill to a manageable amount every month.The vendor was prompt. I'm 63 and I used this cellphone as my first ever cellphone for a one-week trip to the Connecticut coast with a Verizon on-line $15 pre-paid arrangement costing $1 per day of use and 25 cents per call. (Walmart.com) The cellphone worked with total reliability, almost perfect coverage and good audio quality. As a former tech, I am still astounded by the technology in this unit and particularly by the standby battery life considering how small the battery is. I can't read a paperback book without glasses but I could read the cellphone display and buttons adequately without glasses. There is a limited web browsing capability but I didn't use it. I was able to use the unit without perusal of documentation beyond that provided. Older first-time cellphone users would be wise to practice a bit before answering the first call while merging onto I95 in Providence like I did... Also, perhaps there are resouces on the web like "cellphones for dummies" that explain things in an easily absorbed manner. However, it is not equivalent to a Jitterbug cellphone in button and display size or menu simplicity and would be problematic for people with Alzheimer's . I am very happy with the unit. I hated to put it away after the trip and return to the landline.I can stay on the plan I have had for some time. This is an emergency phone only. I would like a manual as I might use some of the features if I knew how.It did not expect it to be a track phone. I was looking for a replacement phone.For what it is all is good. Was a replacement for technically challenged mother in law. She probably makes two calls a yearThe description of this phone does not show it as a pre-paid phone. I was hoping to replace a broken phone on contract, but this phone arrived and cannot be added to my plan. Disappointed with description. The phone, itself, is good for basic users. I currently use one.Great little phone without all the "bells and whistles".....battery life is exceptional and the call quality is excellent !Product met my expectations. It is a simple phone that texts and makes phone calls.I bought this phone to replace a Verizon phone that was previously lost. what I didn't know is that Verizon has the phone set so that if you buy this prepaid phone it must be on a prepaid plan for at least six months before it can be transferred to another contract. It would be a great phone for someone who doesn't spend much time on a cell phone.Gave to my grandma she says it real easy to use. That alone makes my life better. And hers easier.Yes, the phone works and is in great condition.loved itI love this phone! It`s just like the phone that I lost. Thanks a million!It was not listed as a prepaid phone. Couldn't activate it at Verizon. I wound up having to purchase another phone anyway and couldn't return it.This phone will not work if you are in a contract. It is pre paid only. When we had another provider, we could use the pre pay phones for our contract, if we lost or broke a phone. This one we were told is not a substitute.Did not work out for me as I could not port it over to my Verizon service. Apparently it can only work in a certain prepaid plan, I don't know, maybe Walmart can do it???It is a product of which is older but affordable for the purpose of what I need it for and not often.This was a pre pay phone that was advertised that you could use also as post pay phone but according to Verizon this no so also saw them at Walmart for ten dollars less so I will just chunk itfalsely advertised as able to be actived on verizon network.this phone was ordered to replace the old one my father in law had. He washed it in the laundry so we got him this one to replace it but was unable to use it because verizion would not let us use it because it was pay as you go?? do not understand all of that stuff but we are holding on to it for back up until we switch.Let me start by saying I think this phone is an excellent product. However, the title which states the phone is flashed to PagePlus is not correct. What you get is a Verizon prepaid phone ready to activate on their network. I am an existing PagePlus customer and confirmed with them that currently all prepaid Verizon phones are banned on the Pageplus network which is a shame as I really like this combination. As always, Amazon's excellent customer service resolved the situation promptly and efficiently - thank you Amazon.You Lied, it wasn't unlocked it was a prepaid phone. Thanks for stealing my money.I did not need a track phone and that is what I received. the description did not point this out clearly enough for me and I missed it as well. the phone is no good for me or for what I needed it for.Works just as described. Has more functions and ability than I need. But it does the job I purchased it for well.BEWARE...This phone cannot be activated on any plan other than prepaid until is has been used for 6 months as prepaid. Do not buy this phone hoping to add it to your existing verizon plan without a contract. You cannot do that. Why doesn't Amazon put this somewhere in the product description? Don't know..good question.I love this productCould not use.pre pay phone..not with my contract with Verizon..they would not activate. Sending back this and got the exact same phone from local Verizon store.Love these types of phones, arrived in good time. It was just hard to find one to buy and for an old type of phone it was pricey.This phone was a prepaid phone but was not advertised as prepaid. We could not use it with our current plan.Very good phone for the moneywas as stated works finePicked up two of these little flips at Wal_Mart for $19.99 and each included $10.00 in free air time so net cost on this phone is $10.00. Phone usually has 5 bars and calls are very clear, no static or drop call problems. Camera is OK, but not the best. Entering contacts and navigating the phone is very easy. Volume controls are easy to use and speaker volume is quite high for when making calls outside. Bluetooth works great and connected to my Motorola 715 without any problems. Ringer volume is also loud and easy to hear. Only thing that is not very good is the speaker phone. You can use it but after a few minutes you will decide you are better off having this phone up to your ear. Battery life is great. You can go several days without charging the battery if the phone is on all the time. I use these phones as emergency backups. They stay in our car glove boxes (turned off) and I only have to charge them once every 2-3 months.I had a phone that I bought from Verizon and I did not like it. It was so slick that I dropped it several times trying to open it. I bought this phone from Walmart and the clerk there assured me that I would be able to use it with a Verizon account (after all, the says Verizon right on it). When I took it to Verizon I was told that my existing account would be cancelled and that I would have to prepay for six months. I tried to set up an auto pay and that didn't work. At the Verizon store the clerks treat you like you are bothering them. I tried to log into Verizon with my account and it did not work. When you call Verizon you cannot talk to a live person. You get a recording that you cannot use because none of the options apply. This has been a nightmare to deal with.I've used this phone for past three years and still find myself inadvertently pressing either the camera key or speaker phone key on the right side/edge of phone when speaking. The keys are located exactly where I place my thumb (am right handed).There are many times when I definitely do not want the speaker phone on, yet it's almost impossible to use this phone without touching the sensitive keys on the side of the phone. The quality of sound also is poorer as compared to 3 other flip phones I've used in the past.Did you know this? I bet hell to your "NO" Built-in speakers. Bright display Inexpensive. Durable. Realistic color. Lightweight. I discovered this phone for a short period of time, it is not a smartphone but it works great and has many features. Please don't complain about it. Buy if: 1. You want a basic phone for talk, text and web 2. You want a phone with outstanding battery life 3. Durability Do not buy if: 1. You want a smartphone.Looked good when I received it. Charged it and it immediately turned off when I disconected charger. Verizon Tech said it the battery was ok but phone was bad. WHY wouldn't they test it b4 they sent it out. Wouldn't use seller again.The phone was nice but would not work on Verizon contract. It was prepaid only. Had to negotiate with them for a different phone.this phone its the best price also have standard basic program like camera blue tooth alarm ,and more,ill purchase this phone for my kids to cut budgetThis refurbished phone was a disappointment because it kept turning itself off. We are returning it. We were hoping it would live up to its year long warrany.This phone is absolutly the worse I have ever had. Review will be brief. Speaker is so bad you can't understand the caller. Verizon's response was to tell me not to use the speaker function and turn the phone volumn down!! Now that's customer service for you. Just to add insult to injury - Verizon said that this was a $399.00 phone. Amazon sells it for $22.00, Walmart $19.95. I think this is called "arrogant indifference"For those who just need a phone for calls and texts...this is it! And, if you don't want a big monthly bill, this phone is even better because you pay as you go! It's exactly what I want because I don't live by my phone, and I don't need to have an app for everything that is common sense.When I received the phone, turned it on, and tried to set it up it was locked. I was told to take the phone to a Verizon Wireless store to get it unlocked. I took it to a Verizon Wireless store and was told it was not usable because it was never scanned at Verizon Wireless factory. I had to sent it back.A cheap phone that works, but has a few annoying design issues. The first thing is that, if you're texting on this phone, when you're done typing a word, you can't go back and change it (i.e. if you typed "mothers" instead of "movies" in T9 and pressed space before realizing your mistake, you'll have to delete the whole word and type it again--you can't just go back and change it...this is more annoying than you'd think!) The second thing is the ads. I don't know why, maybe it's just my plan or something, but this phone pops up full screen ads several times a day. They're also more annoying than you'd think. Other than that, it's a cheap, fairly reliable, and fairly good phone.This is a nice little flip phone and we were excited to get it for my father; that is the reason I gave it 3 stars. I took off two stars because of the misleading description. The description of this phone is wrong: it states that the phone is unlocked for Page Plus, which is incorrect. As we tried to activate the phone ourselves on pagepluscellular.com, we got an error code and couldn't get it activated. We spoke to a customer service rep who told us the phone was incompatible with Page Plus. We also took the phone to a local Page Plus vendor who also tried to activate it and was told it was incompatible. So we bought another phone and returned this one: please do not buy this if you want this for Page Plus.Phone works fantastic. My error was buying a prepaid phone to replace a contract phone that got wet. Will only work with a prepaid "contract"works perfectAll I need.. Not a stupid phone! lolPhone works as advertised. It was just what the buyer was looking for as far as a phone goes. Works great.not fancy, just needed a phone... basic, sturdy, etc. not a lot of doo dads to it, but its simple and sturdy.Everything I expected. Working fine.I was immensely satisfied with the product. Its absolutely perfect for my needs. Fast shipping, good service.I received in good condition as new but have not used it yet. I will let you know later. Thank You,As an older man , I wanted a flip phone with big numbers and letters. Also wanted one that did not pocket dial!!It's just the phone I was looking for without the bells and whistles, clear calls and no drops btw I have Verizon Wireless in NYC.It's a real nice phone but it don't work with my plan I got it before it was due to be here thanksvery nice and good product would recomend to othersJust as advertised. I am pleased.Its don't work goodThis is all-around a great phone...EXCEPT for one thing, and to me that "one thing" is HUGE. This phone will chime when it fully charges. There is NO way to deactivate the chime. Google it, if you don't believe me. On VZW community forums, VZW personnel try to tell customers how to turn the chime off, but there is no option for it. There are a handful of notifications that you can turn off, but "full battery" is not one of them. This means, if you charge your phone while you sleep, you will eventually get a chime. Some people can sleep through it, but many can't. You CAN turn the sound off while you sleep in order to avoid the chime, but then you'll miss calls, so that's not a good option. Otherwise this phone is great.Verizon wanted $30 for a replacement wall charger, so when I saw this at Walmart for $14.88, I bought it. I use this now as my regular plan phone. I bought and activated another one as a backup for my Verizon account. This phone works fine for voice and text. You must activate it and then wait 6 months to use it as a regular phone as part of a plan, but it is about the same price month to month as with a contract. I can have a "free" fancy smart phone, but this enough. I have computers and my tablet for internet. Besides, the free smart phone with insurance, extra $10 a month and data plan update would cost $750 for the two year contract. Update, a "free smartphone" from Verizon now costs about a $1000 for a useful two-year contract. As my wife likes her smart phone, Verizon dropped $10 a month on my monthly bill for this phone so now only $133/month bill.Okay, I understand I must purchase a phone card in an amount of my choosing but what I don't understand is that after you have tried to add this card to your balance, and fail on the third attempt you are locked out. Also what is not told to anybody , you need to wait 15-30 mins before trying each time to add. So your phone has locked you out of the system. No problem ,I'll call customer service and they will help me. The message is repeated ; I'm sorry all our lines are busy please wait for the next available operator. That is if you get pass the automated unit which is not a real person. Maybe on your 3rd or 4th try you will be connected with a real person. Now lets get back to the actual card, it my not work in the first place since we have been having problems with them a lot says the cashier at Walmart. Oh great, here's my 100.00 for a card that my not work. I asked my stupid question next, well what if it does not work -can I get my money back ? No sir once you scratch off the pin number we can not refund your money... You might try Verizon's customer service to see if they could help you. After reaching Verizon's operator and running through what has happened so far - 2hours later they finally successfully add 100.00 to my account balance. Their final words are if we can be of any further assistance just call anytime. At this present time I've had problems with 7 cards of variable amounts and will be looking for a contracted carrier soon; better services , better connections and less time wasted. Thank you for reading my review.I got this phone when I moved from Canada to USA from a Verizon store. I have to say that, I am quite happy with it although its not a smart phone. Its very durable and it fell on the floor like 100 times. The battery lasts almost a week for me if I take 2 calls per day and speak for 10 minutes. The phone also charges very quickly and very easily fits in your pocket. I added a 50 dollar Unlimited Talk - text plan to this phone and I love it. I am going to get a smart phone very soon and I am going to always have this phone as a back up.This phone is terrible. I switched from contract to pre-paid so the people at the Verizon store wouldn't even talk to me. They told me I had to buy this phone. It is garbage. It keeps shutting off, which is great when you use the phone for an alarm clock. I called Verizon customer service and the person said he couldn't help me because I didn't have a land line for them to check the nearest tower and to call back when I found a neighbor with a land line to call from. I have been with Verizon since 2002 and feel like I should go to another carrier.It met my expectations.This product was EOL in 2015. After using for a few years, started randomly force-quitting programs, terminating the phone connection and even completely shutting down with a full battery. Tried to get support & repairs and informed that the device was EOL and nothing can be done, short of complete replacement. Do not buy unless you have been trained as a Motorola technician or don't mind completely replacing your hardware if anything goes wrong. Our software only supports MC 55 and MC 75 units, but due to the questionable reliability of these units, I am also questioning the MC 55's life cycle and whether this will happen again. Likely will be looking for a complete 3rd party solution that does not need Motorola units to operate.I bought this, and it was in great condition. Although it was not new, it was in near perfect condition. The phone worked great while on Verizon, and I LOVED it due to the size and the battery life was phenomenal too. I really cannot say enough about this phone. Since then I have switched providers and now cannot use this phone. I just wish I could use it on another carrier. I wish they made one that was compatible with T-Mobile or AT&T. Sadly, not so. I had to purchase something sort of close (but much bigger, uggghhh). I do have to say that I had one issue with this phone's battery while on a flight. I did get on a plane and put the phone to Airplane mode after we took off. After we got to cruising altitude, I noticed the phone (which was in my pocket) got VERY HOT... So hot that I was afraid that it would explode even! I took it out of my pocket, but was unable to power it down. Eventually the short caused the battery to completely discharge, so it cooled down. So I arrived without a functional phone to call my ride... not so good, but I connected it to a charger--the charge took, and I was able to call. The battery never did that again, and it worked just fine after that. Not sure what caused this, but I was a little scary!I've had this phone for about two months now and I have been very happy with it so far. I'm no techno expert so I can't talk about processing speed and all that jazz. I can say that I have barely noticed any lag at all going from application to application, the internet speed is fast, and the google voice search function is very impressive. I enjoy the interface of the phone (the three circle thing on the home screen is useful) and I found it easy to learn how to get around. It also has a cool feature whose official name I don't know. Basically it's a tiny notification light that flashes on the top left of the face of the phone. It changes color based on if you have a message/what type of message it is. I find this handy because you can tell if you have a new message without turning on the screen. One thing I miss about my old phone (continuum) is the ticker bar along the bottom that showed a preview of the actual message or phone call you had received without turning on the main screen, but oh well. Overall I'm very happy with this phone, especially for the amazing price of .01!It's just a shade above okay but I'll take it. I have dropped several phones this year so I needed something affordable and smaller. The reason it's not top notch is, mostly, the processing power. This phone is a bit slow compared to my previous model but it's not a big deal to me. I just use it to make calls, text, surf the web, play games, etc. I'm about to use the GPS pretty heavily on a trip so we'll see how it does, then. Oh and the batter life is a little low but it's also a used model so I can't be sure that isn't a result of that.Took this to the Verdon store when I received it. Bad serial number. Couldn't be activated. They also told me this was a refurbished phone. NO MENTION of that in item description. Spent another $10 somewhere else and DID get a new one. Very disappointed.I bought this phone as a replacement until my upgrade came up, I must say I was pretty impressed with this little phone. Size: perfectly fit in my palm, could use one hand to fully operate Features: has a decent speaker and operates relatively without issues would sometimes shut down at random times. Hardware: I dropped this phone many times on every type of surface and it did not break only scratched sides. The battery does get very hot with continuous use. Storage: only has 8 GB but it does have a slot for an SD card.My previous Motorola razr m's charge port had stopped working somehow. I ordered a used but good condition and it was perfect. Although after a while, the charge port on this one messed up as well. I don't know if it was me, my charger, or the Motorola razr m, but I love this phone.This phone failed in less than a year of purchasing it. Although the phone was still covered under the manufacturers warranty, Motorola refused to honor its warranty because, according to Motorola, the Amazon seller, DAC Enterprises, is not an authorized seller. Although Amazon is taking care of the issue, DAC Enterprises and Motorola have both failed miserably in terms of customer service and honoring their commitments. From this point forward, I will be avoiding both DAC Enterprises and Motorola! Buyers beware!Excellent device to replace my iPhone 5c which I left in a cab. I was actually surprised how quick and snappy this phone is, it is been quite a while since I have had an android device. I am very pleased with this phone. Keep in mind this is basically a refurbished phone and you will either have to get Verizon to mail you a 4g sim card or go to the Verizon store and pick up one (both options are free).This has got to be one of the very best inexpensive smartphones on Amazon right now. The amoled screen looks fantastic and the seller actually delivered this in the manufacturers packaging. I've noticed not all older smart phones come like this. Really good phone for the price. Light and sleek looking. However, the I must note that the camera quality is not mind blowing. If you're only after a great camera, this might not be the one.It's a few years old but is a great phone. My boyfriend loves it! It was the phone he had when we first met & on our second canoe trip I drowned the phone & everything else we brought. The only thing I don't like about the phone is the size - I broke my galaxy s5 & bought this as a replacement. I was used to the bigger screen but I am getting used to it :)Great little phone... I was hesitant to get this phone after a few neg. reviews, but nothing like that. Shows some people can't be trusted. The phone has been with me over two weeks. Looks and works great as expected. Battery lasts about 4 days with WiFi, Bluetooth Off. These options consume battery, especially WiFi while driving, since the cell tries to connect to all the roaming WiFi channels. The RAZR M is small and fits on the hand easily. There are tons of good and cheap cases for it. The Screen is brilliant and sharp, better than the my other Gallaxy S-3. The voice during a call is much more discernible than the Galaxy. I always had issues with it because of that. The outer camera is top of the line. The inner camera is described as super low res, but I found it good enough even for minor selfies, but don't expect much in low light. WiFI is as any other phone. I recommend this RAZR M phone.Way to small . Like 2half in bigI upgraded from a Droid Charge, so this phone is quite an advancement for me. I love running an updated version of Android for a change. I also love the dual core processor. It is smooth. I haven't encountered any lag as of yet running any app. The 8GB of internal RAM doesn't seem to be an issue for me. I don't have a ton of stuff to put on the phone, and even if I did I have a 32GB SD card for media, so 8GB is plenty of internal storage. The battery life in this thing is phenomenal. I haven't felt a pressing need to charge the phone at all yet because it survives all day until bed time with ample power left every day. I plug my phone in every night as a matter of habit from my old phones. I don't think this phone needs it though. I leave 4G data on all day. I also have rules setup to enable WiFi when I'm home. The rules are especially nice and handy for controlling the phone without actively having to change settings, which is something I had to often on my Droid Charge. I especially appreciate the smaller form factor of this phone. My Charge had a 4.3" screen, as does this phone, but the Charge feels like a brick now compared to the Razr M. I specifically didn't get the HD version because I don't want a ridiculously large screen. I don't need it. I don't plan on watching movies on my phone. I've taken some pictures and am quite satisified with the camera for my average uses. The shutter is unbelievably quick compared to the Charge. I was especially surprised by the quality of an image taken under full zoom. I love the aluminum frame and the kevlar back plate. The mirror on the back is a nice touch too so I can take vanity shots with a higher quality lens, though I don't really intend on doing so too often. I generally hate pictures of myself. Overall I am very satisfied with this phone. I'm an average user, though I do want to root this phone. I don't see a need for a custom ROM though because the stock ROM has been quite nice so far.I bought the refurbished phone. Item came quickly, with charger and phone intact. It worked well for a week or so but when I ran it out of battery it had trouble turning back on. After letting it sit for ten minutes I tried again and had no problems. The next time I let the battery run out, I placed the phone on its charger and let it charge. I was not able to turn it on again. I have tried everything, nothing on the phone is working. I will be attempting to return this product. Previous reviews have said this happened to them. I would not recommend the refurbished product to other buyers.This was for my husband. It is somewhat small, but the quality if okay. A good basic phone or back up phone. Had no problems activating it with Verizon, and it has worked well since.The speakers went out after 1 month and of course it was too late so I ordered another. Phones and I are not getting along very well.After few months, and normal charge (few hours every 2 days), the battery has started to bloat, and become very dangerous. You can not replace the battery and can not open the phone... I stopped to use it.Works as well as can be expected as it is an older phone, had alot of trouble getting it activated, nothing Amazon done. The phone was just unlocked and even though it said Verizon, it could have been hooked up to any carrier.Just got the Razr today. Took it in to the Verizon store, and they tried over twenty different sim cards of three different kinds. None of them were compatible. They told me the phone was likely refurbished, not new.Pain in butt, so slow and runs ads would not buy again, even in a pinchReturned didn't likeReturned Did not connect onto our Verizon AccountI meant to get a DROID Mini and accidentally ordered this. I don't like it as much as I loved my poor Droid Mini that died. I thought about returning it but it was pretty low cost so I am keeping it for now.I want to retract my other comment in which I question if my phone was really new..... Well the reason I said that was because the back looked faded, well the faded appearance was due to the plastic film that was on the back of the phone. Once that was removed, it had a nice unscratched back. Please excuse me for thinking that it may not have been a new phone.One star because it came on time, however after week of usage the phone stopped turning on or was able to charge. No water damages or physical damages. Phonr Carrier couldn't help because we didn't purchase it through our phone company. Ended up buying new phone through our phone company which we should of done in thr first place.This has been a great phone, it has the large screen without the large body. the battery does not last as long as My razr maxx but even with hard use all day it will make it through without a recharge during the day.For being a smartphone, the phone itself runs slow and is constantly shutting apps down. But for the price, I don't mind. Will rebuy if the need comes!I have been VERY happy with my phone! The battery life is amazing compared to my old Samsung. I use WiFi most of the time though so I'm not always using my 4G. I the camera and the quality I can get on my phone. I would recamend this to anyone who is looking for a decently priced smart phon .This was purchased refurbished and the battery runs down in 2 hours time, flat. Not that happy with it, will be looking for a new phone. If you purchase try purchasing new and not refurbished.Product did not work on arrival. Due to being out of country, I wasn't able to use the product within the 30 day return window and am now stuck with a $75 paperweight.I traded a pocket protector for the Droid RAZR M three years ago. This purchase is a replacement following the unexpected demise of my RAZR M. The screen is easy to read; the speaker is just right for my occasional listening. The sound is better than the shirt pocket transistor radios I owned in the '60s. The phone itself works better than the company issued Nokia and Blackberry.When we tried to activate the phone Out carrier, , Verizon said the phone was not theirs even though it had the logo on the phone. could not activate it after try several cards.The phone was returned.,.,,,very disappointed!!!!!!In the description it said the item was new but i believe it was refurbished. Had quite a few dings on the outside. Worked pretty good for the first month or so... But then started freezing and saying, for example, contacts unexpectedly stopped. Not something that should happen with a new phone. Seller better revamp his products and say for real whether its "new or refurbished"The phone was great..was purchased as verizon copatable..phone serial numbers wouldn't come up on any network. Company was most helpful and easy to comunity with..and refunded our money promptly .. sorry didn't work for us.could have used phone..Brilliant phone. Fast enough for everyday tasks. Screen is excellent. Camera is adequate. Battery life is ok.we bought this phone as a replacement to a dead iPhone 5 with intention to use it for 2 months untill the next contract upgrade. Product arrived on time and it was exactly as described. It came in Veriyon box with a travel charger, instruction manual and an online service voucher. We did have problems with finding a matching sim ( micro sim) card in our local stores so we ended up waiting for over a week to get one from verison. The phone mostly works very well. It did not want to charge a few times and once we couldn't shut down the alarmclock off, but those are issues I would bring to the manufacturer. All in all seller was great and deserves 5 stars but phone itself would be somwhere beetween 3 and 4 stars.phone OK post NOT GOOD it turns reboots all the time and some times Doesnt recognize my sim card...Works wellBeautiful little phone just what I orderedvery awkward to useCrapexcellent productPhone sold by Barepawz through Amazon was "new in box" after was opened, SIM card and manuals removed. Other than having to drive a 40mi round trip to my Verizon store for a sim card, (free) as i could not activate it online, all seems OK. Not sure why this Jack-hole of a seller feels the need to remove items that are included by the manufacturer and not worth any money. I bought this for my 19 yr old son and need to send it to him. I will know how it functions over the next few weeks. it seems good the little bit i have tried it out. Personally an I-Phone fan and unfamiliar with the Android OS. Paid for 2 Day shipping and was delivered by UPS hours before promised.Works well but cosmetically i would've said it was more of a 6/10 for all the scratches that was on the phone I received.Phone was listed as verizon flasjed to straight talk carrier. Unusable on verizonPhone came broke Verizon said it's the sim card port connection for the price I paid It should at least workGood phone, only real issues are battery life and the occasional screen twitch. I wish I could get an extended life battery but I don't want to have to deal with going across town to have dealer take care of swapping them out. OS is strong and tolerates my incessant gaming and browsing. I have already referred to friends!very goodreally liked it at first. I believe it is refurbished starting to get slower and slower.The phone was good for maybe the first week, after the warranty had expired of course the phone went down hill. It's slow, freezes, and the camera doesn't work sometimes unless I restart the phone. It also doesn't charge unless you hold it in a certain position. I wish I could get my money back for this awful phone.Be sure to reset, scam popes up to send money to blah blah blah as a fine for missuse of blah blah blah somthing somthing FBIBought for my friends daughter. She was very happy with it.A little slower then the same phone he had previously.Works like a charm. Saved me a few hundey by not having to get a new one through verizon, best buy, etc.This phone is perfect for my husband's first smart phone.Good buy.arrived on timeThis was just a replacement for one that I just had just like it which unfortunately broke the night before I purchased it through Amazon. There is really no major difference and since I was happy with the one that broke; I can say I'm just as happy with the pre-owned I received from Amazon.I love the Droid Razor M! Its an amazing phone with a fantastic battery life. I would recommend this to anybody who wants this phone.Great product & service was quick!Wow PerfectLove the phone . It was a great buy .Love this phone so far!!! Shipped fast and was like brand new (: only problem when I talk on it I guess the other person can barely hear meworks great no issuesverion store could not activate because it had been flashed to another carrier.worthless had to return,I did receive a refufund.lI got this phone in April when my old phone's screen broke. However, I didn't start using it till like a month ago. I hate switching phones, even though I had the same exact phone already. I have had nothing but trouble with this phone. Some of it is connection issues, but other times, I just can't open up things. It tells me FB, Google, whatever I'm doing, isn't responding. I thought this was a brand new phone, but it doesn't work like one. My old phone finally quit working after 2 years. This one I've used for not even a month and it is worse than my old one. I'm not sure if it was new or refurbished. It came with a new box and all the books like a new one. Idk if I will ever another phone from Amazon again. I now have to get another phone.I had a Droid Incredible 2 and decide to get this phone. It works just like a Samsung Galaxy S4 that was stolen from me. It is worth having. Good phone.It stopped working after 1 month of use very light use at that. Didn't turn back on. Buyer beware make sure you get the phone checked by pros to see if there is something wrong with itPhone did not work . Didn't come with SIM card and didn't come up with Verizon . Possibly stolen or something.For this phone, best company to buy from mango wireless.just tried another vendor and phone came with glitches. I have purchased many of these phones. (Wife finds a way to break them.) Best phone I've ever ownedBattery life is not good. Must constantly be on a charger. Yes I bought a new charger to see if that was the problem. Key board doesn't work when you are trying to type in your security code for the bank so I get disconnected a lot because I can't enter in my security code for voicemail, bank what ever needs me to type in a number like 1. Its overpriced for how well it works.The product came as advertised, brand new. It was delivered on time, very expeditiously and been a nice phone for me so far.No Issues, working as intendedgood!Overheats. LAGGY. Multitasking is a pain in the @$$. Very poor 2 hour battery life. Frustrating. It was all I could do not to throw the phone and break it out of anger. Please do yourself a favor and save some more money for a different phone. The only things I liked: AMOLED screen with amazing deep blacks (but also bad, green tinted whites) and it performed pretty well playing games, I didn't try very graphic intensive games, but it was great in the game Smash Hit.This phone works great. I am currently using it and no problems yet.'The phone was in perfect condition. But the phone will randomly shut off and the battery only lasts for 3 hrs. Not that happy with the purchaseexcellentAdequate performance & features for my needs (which are minimal).Nice Size, good screen, very fast and responsive phone. However, this phone is plagued by buggy software. I can't tell if its Verizon bloatware or Motorola's "skin" over top of Android, but the wi-fi randomly drops signal, sometimes constantly. Now, after three weeks of use, some program is running the battery down during phone idle. I think it is one of Motorola's programs, but it's annoying to put your phone down at 95% battery and then pick it up an hour later and your at 60% battery and your phone is burning hot. Also, a general comment on Android 4.1, i'm not a fan, there are not enough detailed options to control your phone and choose settings, only general setting are available. I might have to root it... Update - Still using an absurd amount of battery life while idle. I have screen on lowest setting, wi-fi off, make only a few calls,texts, or emails, surf the web for less than 10 min, and it uses 25% of battery life in less than three hours. Every day. The phone dies around 10-12 hours after full charge. I uninstalled all unnecessary apps, disabled all Verizon bloatware. I wish I still had my HTC Incredible 2. I will never buy another Motorola phone again.the charger that was sent with the phone does not work for the phone so that was lame but the phone works fine.Speaker sucks keeps going in and out. Cant hear well and don't work as well as I thought!!Works great. I've had it for a while and have no problems. It does everything a smartphone should do and is lightweight.Yes I love the droid RAZR m we have 3 in our household mine is black and over 2 years old still works and looks like new, best phone ever!!!!Super fast delivery. Phone has been perfect.The phone I recieved the ear speaker doesn't work and for the person your calling to be able to have them hear you you have to keep the phone on speakerThe only issue that we are having is the sd card slot doesn't always close or stay close. However, the item was clean with little scratches and functions as it should.So far so good, totally satisfied.I love my phone. Only thing is I thought it was gonna be bigger than it is. That's OK still great phoneI have enjoyed the new phone and it has worked very well. The only thing I had to was find a carrying case.Its perfectNo issues. Very fast I'm happy with it. Took a little while to get to me but other than that its a great phone.Work great just like my old same phoneno complainets great phone easy to operate very lightweight has a great screen and the operating system is easy. Nice phonePhone keeps telling me I am unable to receive messages and I have a hard time getting on the internetMust be good, the ex ran away with it and I've never heard a complaint.works great, showed up quickly. great experience.Doesn't workAlways overheating and lagging all the time. Waste of time and money!Great phone alternative to the iPhone at a great price.this phone is in great shape and works perfectly! I would recommend it to anyone.Great phone for the price.Is a good phone 4 the pricePhone gallery wouldn't open at all, the camera doesnt work, and you cannot send or recieve picture messages!I like this phone. You just have to watch what kind of charger you use. Use the charger that comes with the phone. Other chargers can cause this phone to over heat. Then the phone won't work for a while. Over all it is a pretty good phone. A lot better than the prepaid phones you buy at Walmart for 60 bucks.Battery life could be better...but it works for meJust what I needed no problemsLoved it hopefully fixing to buy another one in about an hourIt worked for like about a day then it kept stallingbought this and took it to Verizon. It would turn on but did not work at all. Very, Very disappointed.This phone was a piece of garbage. I ordered it as a Christmas present, it wouldn't charge or turn on. Don't waste your money.Very good phoneThank you so much for the phone. It was in excellent condition, came quickly and works great.Great came as good as description even better,but slow shippingHavent even had the phone for a month and it will not turn on or anything!The phone works good it's just the charger that came with it broke right away. Not the best charger, but phone is good.Everything works good phone came fastI like it but sometimes the screen freezesExactly what I wantedPhone was in excellent condition , just as described.CoolSent me a broken phone that didn't even work. Not very pleasedEverything worked out great.I had to replace a broken one Enjoying the phone.Love my RAZRThis phone did not say that it did NOT come with a SIM card. My old phone has a SIM but is to large for this phone. This phone needs a Micro SIM card so be aware of that. In the product description it says it is ready to activate and it is not unless you have the correct SIM card. Also, did not come with a manual. I have to download it on the computer. The phone also says new and it appears to be a reconditioned or re-issues phone that I don't like as it may have had a defect that was fixed before selling it to me. It came in a Droid MAXX box and it is not a MAXX. I have a new phone that I need, live in the middle of nowhere, paid for overnight shipping and still can not use the phone. Not a happy buyer.Had a lot of scratches on it but other the this it is working fine..goodGreat deal. Great service!My son is happyI love itThanks it works really wellI love this phone really fast so far and its cool to type on it love it!!!Batt. Life not goodBattery life is terrible! Had to order a new battery only after 6 months of ownership! Then come to find out you have to take the entire phone apart to change the battery, and ends up the original one purchased was too big. Had to pur the phone back together, send battery back for correct one, and now I cannot change it still because all of the 15 tiny screws got stripped after removing one time! Phone is ruined!!! So angry!!!Item arrived and was fully functional and met expectationsNormally most of the items I've purchased on Amazon has expected results but this order takes the cake! Before buying this, I read the reviews and 4 out of 5 people were praising this product. I decided to buy this for my husband for Christmas since he needed a new phone. My plan on my phone was about to expire at the time so we decided we would just rely on this phone. BIG MISTAKE! The phone came in on time. Looked nice and everything came with it as promised. When we went to buy a monthly prepaid plan for it, the phone wouldn't recognize that the phone had a sim in it. That was over $50 down the toilet. The company we were trying to use sent us another SIM card and it didn't work either; phone still wouldn't recognize it. Desperate and in extreme need for a working phone since we have a 2 year old in the house, we took our rent money and bought a prepaid Verizon plan. Unfortunately that didn't work either. As a result we are sending the phone back for a refund. I just hate that it took us 3 sim cards and over $100 spent to realize this is a faulty product. I can't imagine how the seller didn't know this! We finally did what we should have done and just bought another plan for my phone but I just hate that my husband has to go without a phone again. He's a delivery driver and was really relying on this phone. Now we have to wait until tax season to get another. This time of the year, most people are in a financially bind. I usually don't do reviews on here but felt the need to on this one to warn people. Don't buy this product!!! Shop elsewhere; this is truely a waste of money. The phone won't activate and it won't recognize SIM cards. Don't unintentionally waste money like we did before you realize that. Just take my word for it; look elsewhere!Excelente!Good phoneStop holding charge two weeks after purchaseIts good as new!!Wrong phone can send backPhone is niceI love this thing!Easy to use battery life is greatgiftgreat phone I love my Droid Razr it fits me perfectDON'T BUY IT. Waste of time and money. When you go to Verizon to insert the sim card and connect the phone to the system, they couldn't find the phone in their system despite the sim card supposed to help that out, thus unable to call or text whatsoever. It took super long to just turn it on and horribly charged. Also, according to the Verizon consultant, currently they only have unlocked phone just for few iPhone and Samsung. I really don't know how the hell the sellers put 'verizon' mark on the box. So if you consider to buy this, don't. I'm returning the phone back any soon.we bought this phone and spent 3 hours in the Verizon store trying to get it turned on and Verizon has no record of the phone. Do not but any phone from any place but from the company itself. Had to return it and pay for the return have not got my money back yet we shell see, this is a very bad purchase. It will cost you more in the long run.goooooodCan't screen shot like my old phone did.Very bestvery good. nice condicion. fast shippingGood phone for the price.OK to good phone (nice camera, good specs, etc.)...but very slow and buggy.. Bought as a short-term replacement while my Galaxy S5 was being repaired. Was fine for the short term, but cannot recommend as a primary device. Many times the Contacts or another app didn't work and the phone needed to be rebooted, which further drained an already mediocre battery life. While I had two to three dozen apps, the memory wasn't tapped out. That said, it took FOREVER for start apps!So far... Awesome!!!Broke my "new" phone and a friend recommended picking up a used one on-line. After some research I found the same model with same features at a fair price. With some hesitation I placed the order. It arrived quickly, was exactly what I expected, and after a brief visit to the local Verizon store, I was back in business. That was a month ago and I've had no problems. It's been working like a champ.Great phoneThis phone was nice until I actually receive the product.The first day I received it I turned it on and off, then back on everything seems to be working fine until later that evening I turn the phone off because phones charge faster when their off,in my opinion, so an approximately an hour passed and i tried turning and turning it on and off again and noticed that it would not come back on, so let it sit on my bedside dresser for a half an hour to see if it would come back on later and i noticed that it was overheating and it was not even on the charger. So i let it sit longer about 20 minutes and came back to see that the phone was more over heated than the last time, so i let it sit infront of the fan then went on amazon to set up returning it, after the phone was infront of the fan for at least 30 minutes i turned it on and it finally came on, i used for about 1 hour uploading my pictures and music and downloading all my app manually ,the phone turned off approximately 30 minutes afterwards but the battery was at a good charge, it eventually came back on later that day and while i was in school it would not come back on but eventually did, this phone cost me about $68.95 before shipping , since the lasy incident it has been working fine ,overall i wish i would have bought the phone from another user, and im unsure when its going to turn off and not come back on again or when its going to overheat.Phone worked fine in the beginning and I loved the thing, but literally the day after the return period closed it stopped working entirely. Started saying that the disc was full and wouldn't move files, stopped recognizing the SIM card, freezed and crashed and finally completely locked up. Motherboard failed and now I have to buy another phone 1 month after getting this POS.I was very dissappointed wit the phone & i really wish i wud hv read the reviews before purchase bc everything other people were complaining about is now happening to us like the device constantly shutting dwn & restarting. I wud luv to hv a better device bc i dont have $100 to waste like that. Im a single mom on a budgethad to return due to granddaughter responsibility with other phone. Ordered a flip phone insteadCompletely happy with the new phone ! I had the old Droid razor M for 5 years and it finally stopped working a few days ago. Ordered this phone Friday night 3am. Showed up Sunday morning 9am. Perfect condition, no issues!!!The charger provided was a different charger so the only way to get the phone to charge is to angle it the right way. The battery is shot and I'm lucky to get 2 hours out of a full battery. On top of that, there's a time faintly burnt into my screen. But, hey, other than that everything else is fine!Came quickly, refurbished with minor blemishes but otherwise a great phone for cheap! All accessories included. Been using constantly for weeks, no issues at all! Totally satisfied!broke after a week and returned to sellerI went to activate my phone and they didn't even have the right activation number on the phone. Went to the Verizon store they tried everything they could to help. Needless to say the phone isn't activated because the activation number is wrong! It's a brand new phone too!! Ill take my business else where from now one!This is a awesome phone. Same size as iPhone with larger screen and android! This phone will outlast any phone I've seen and it's 4g, which makes the battery life even more impressive. All the latest features in an android phone that fits in your hand!I really like the phone. It is fast and slim. The only problem I have is that the white color was not available and i had to get black. But that is ok.It also works with my plan (page plus).Recieved phone, took it to the verizon store to activate the sim card and they told me the IMEI number on the back of the phone is nonexistent in the system therefore it cannot be activated. Cant even get passed the start up screen without activation!!!! Junk!!!!!Bought and returned 1 phone and will be returning a second phone. Verizon cannot activate this phone. Tried in 3 different stores, they cannot get a sim card to work.Bought for my boy friend and when he took it to verizion they said they could not use this phone the bar code on yhe phone said it was not a verizion phoneLove this cell. Would definitely buy it again.For what its worth, I want to start off by saying I used to work @ Verizon for three years. I highly recommend you find another seller to purchase from. The phones aren't built by the original manufacturer. It was about 10 days after the 90 day replacement when my phone took a turn for the worse. It froze up with a black screen, Like many times before I did a soft reset, by holding down the volume down button & the power button. It was resetting like normal until it got to the droid eye. It has been stuck there since. I even attempted a factory reset by holding the volume up button & power button, then after the droid shows up, by holding both volume buttons. still to no avail. If you want an inferior product that will fall apart in no time free wire mobile is the place to go.The batteries life on this phone sucks!!! Must charge phone every 3-4 hours. Very disappointedAfter I dropped my Samsung S3 in the toilet by accident, I decided to get this phone to hold me over until my contract ends with Verizon. I have now had this phone for 2 months and hate it with a passion. Let me start by saying that I have taken very good care of this phone. I purchased it new and have never once dropped it. It is in mint condition. -It over heats and it actually hurts your face/hand when it gets hot. -It's slow to do anything and the battery is short lived. -I find the screen to be too small for my liking but that's personal preference I suppose. -The home key is not a physical button so it is always getting hit accidentally. In the middle of a text? Nope! You pushed the home button so after 10 seconds of loading, you find yourself there and have to wait another 10 seconds for the text to load again. -I chose this phone because I had read good reviews about its camera but I think those reviewers worked for Motorola or were on crack... actually, probably both. I've taken better pictures and videos with my egg salad. (egg salad doesn't take pictures or videos). -I draw a lot on Snapchat (and I'm pretty decent) But not with this phone. Anytime you draw a line it comes out all squiggly. I don't know what that's about. Possibly the screen is damaged from getting too hot? Idk... I recently purchased an unlocked Samsung S3 at a higher price (well worth the additional cost). I cannot wait until it gets here and I can throw away this crappy waste of money. I know we're supposed to recycle old phones, but there is no way I will allow anyone to reuse any piece of this phone. Motorola: destroying the planet, one phone at a time.after using this item for less than two months had to replace it. Battery never held a charge and the phone would get hot when plugged into the charger. Complete and total garbage, don't waste your money.This is the worst phone I've ever had it constantly freezes, the battery is always dead, and it doesn't like to turn on when it's turned offThis phone is obviously different from every other Droid Razr Maxx. It is smaller than every case on the market for a Razr Maxx HD. I have already sent two cases back that were supposed to fit this phone. So far it has met the need but wasn't exactly what I had expected. Oh, and it doesn't come with a SIM Card. So you have to go to Verizon to get one activated even though the box says it comes with one installed.I returned it could not be activated by Verizon It was junk I hope the charge was taken off my accountGreat phone. Battery lasts for awhile and fits great in the pocket.This phone work work on Verizon! It has been flashedthe headset / aux port did not work this phone is junk and buyer didn't say anything about that piece being brokedo not buy this phone. it is a piece of ship. should not ever be sold againWorst cell phone ever!!!! Front camera is awful!Was just what the description said.Works perfectly my son loved it !!It is a good phone but I didn't realize it was a mini.Phone was 8 years oldIt goodThis phone would not receive service no matter what!spent 6over hrs.in a Verizon store!the phone came with original owners music,email,and ohone numbers on it already!nice looking phone but it just wouldn't accept service!im giving it a one star,and thats for looks:(It DOESN'T work for sh*t, bought it few weeks ago tried my T-Mobile sim in it and it won't even let me get online, or make a call. I couldn't download anything, it couldn't even stay connected to a fast speed wifi . I'm done! Please don't buy this phone YOU'LL BE WASTING YOUR MONEY!The phone arrive on time and was exactly what was described. The only thing I don't like is that the phone is smaller than expected kinda reminds me of a iPhone. The phone works excellent and I haven't had no problems out of it.The phone was unusable and had to return. Not in the working condition that was suppose to be in. Not impressedHorrible!! died before it even made it to two weeks, worst phone ever! Thanks for screwing me.I thought I was buying a new phone, but it turns out that it must have been refurbished because when I received it, it had dings and scratches on it. It did not come in an original box like my old phone did (same model). I didn't return it because I needed the phone for business. I will not buy from this company again.Is to tiny...I bought this one week ago. I am not impressed with the new iphone specs (the hype was a turn off). Wanted a change. This is the first Android phone I have owned. I chose it for several reasons: 1. Better voice reception in my area (carrier issue). 2. Longer battery life than my previous iphone 3. Better connectivity with my office software. I really like this phone. It took a little extra time to set it up fully - two days. Once I had it set up, it is works like a charm. For functionality, this phone is great. For the basis needs: phone, email, tasks lists, maps, google search, voice to text, etc... it is easy and user friendly. It is also fun to use. Lot of ways to customize the functions. I do not play a lot of games, no comment there. Further pluses: 1. Looks well made and durable. Gorilla glass with Kevlar Back. 2. Size is comparable to iphone 4. Not too big, not too small. Good for the pocket. 3. Screen size is great. Bigger than iphone 4 or 5. 4. All my favorite iphone apps are on Google Play - Pulse, Zite, Evernote, Onenote. You Version. 5. The widgets are extremely functional. 6. Voicemail is better than iphone. More intuitive. 7. Audio is good. More than adequate. 8. The Motorola software add-ons seem to be useful. I don't have any experience with other handsets. 9. I like having a standard micro USB connection. The iphone cord issue is a significant bummer. My only concerns: 1. the screen is not as clear as the iphone. Not a big issue for me... I don't like reading on a small devise. 2. will I have enough memory? Probably. I don't have a ton of extraneous apps. Added a micro SD for media. Summary: I am very happy with this purchase. Great price. All the reviews that I have read are accurate and reliable. You can trust their advise. Good luck. Lots of excellent choices out there.PROS: ICS, Ease of use, Ability to Multi-task, price, Standard Motorola Cable CONS: Average battery life (though not bad), off button location I just upgraded to this from my Droid X (which is not a bad phone, either). First of all, when I saw that this phone was $50 to $150 less than many other new smartphones on the market I thought there was a significant trade-off. Well, after about 24 hours of VERY heavy usage and research I have yet to find one other than the lack of HDMI output--which I don't use. The design is very nice and the quality of the screen is beautiful. It took a little while getting used to the new OS features and settings, but only because I was coming off an older phone with Android v. 3. I love the ability to multi-task on this, by selecting from multiple screens, and that Chrome is installed as the default browser. Also, if you have an old X or Razr, your cords will work with this phone. Some of you may have known that, I was very happy to learn it. The camera is MUCH easier to use than the one on the X. There isn't as much of a lag when snapping photos, and the quality is pretty good for a smartphone. C'mon! If you want poster quality, get a digital camera! I have bluetooth in my car and the set-up on this phone was a breeze. No complaints on call quality either. The only bad things I can say are about the battery (only slightly better than most smartphones, definitely not a deal-killer) and the location of the on/off button above the volume control. Also, there is no 'home' key for taking you back to the main home screen like X had (only a minor personal annoyance). The pre-installed ringtones are pretty terrible, but this is a non-issue as there are plenty of free alternatives on the Android market. Bottom line: A great phone for anyone looking to upgrade, or just starting out in the smartphone sphere.First the bad, as everyone knows cameras aren't Moto's strong point. It's not a bad camera, it's just not as good as some of the others. But for what I use it for, it's great. There strength is reception and all calls are crystal clear. Haven't had a drop call yet. I didn't want a behemoth phone to carry around. This phone is just the right size. Fits in your palm, fits in your pocket ,and the price fits my budget. I'm sure some will have it free by Black Friday. The battery life is great, streamed pandora for 3 hours and I'm still at 73%. But that is really dependent on your proximity to towers, but it's much better than my previous Droid Pro. it would be dead now, and it was only a 3g phone. This phone includes a full version of Chrome, and it syncs bookmarks between it and your home and work computers. I love it. Download a flashlight app and you will be able to light up your front yard. This puppy is bright. The picture quality is amazing. The customization is great. It has what they call "smartactions", I call them triggers. I programmed it to start Pandora, when it connects to my car over Bluetooth. There are many triggers you can program. Button placement is good, it feels good in the hand, and love the fact it is splash proof. Oh, and the navigation is awsome, sounds like a real person with this version. Another great new feature is talk and surf at the same time, something you couldn't do with older phones unless you were on AT&T. Now I can look up stuff on the internet will I'm talking to someone.I originally upgraded to the Razr Maxx after having the HTC Thunderbolt for a year and I was pleased with it other than the fact that the phone is HUGE. So, when the Razr M came out it seemed perfect for my needs. I am a very experienced Droid user and I think this phone is great. My sister just got the Iphone 5 and has yet to find a feature on her phone (other than SIRI) that my phone doesn't have. In fact, the google maps on my phone is waaaay better than her maps. Not to mention that on Droids you get free GPS navigation (not paying attention to data costs). All that being said I will list out the pros and cons. With any phone there will be both. Pros: -OS is lightening fast -Screen is crystal clear (do not get matte screen protector if you care about screen clarity) -Weight is very light, especially for the monster battery (Iphone 5 is lighter, but the battery life pales in comparison) -Battery life is great, I used a ton of data, I am on the phone for work and personal use constantly, I watch Youtube, stream spotify, go on facebook, email, you name it. My battery last 2 days. -Screen size is great, I like how small the phone is yet I can watch videos with 4.3 inch screen in HD! -Phone size is small and thin, whole new world of large screened phones. -Fully customizable like all Droids -Beautiful sleek look, aluminum border, kevlar backing, Corning gorilla glass Cons: -because the border is aluminum painted black it will show silver at the edges of the screen with time, but no biggy -not a huge selection of cases and covers available, which is to be expected with any brand new phone -Smart actions app doesn't always work and drains a significant amount of battery life. Cool idea, but it just uses to much power -Now to the only really bad part-For some reason the camera program that comes preloaded in the Razr M doesn't take good pictures at all! But there is a solution my fellow droid users, go to google play store and download ICS+ Camera app. It is only $2.99 and takes perfect pictures. Also it adds a panoramic picture taking function to the phone (Iphone 5 already has preloaded, but o well) Wrap up: All in all, great phone! Best Droid on the market when you consider, screen size, weight, size of phone, os, and battery life. I highly recommend it and let me know if you have any more questions. This was just a general description, but I have info about down and upload speeds, hotspot speeds and camparisons to the Iphone 5. Get this very smart phone!I first bought the Samsung Galaxy S3, while my wife got an Iphone 5. I found the size of the Samsung unwieldy, and the battery life atrocious. I couldn't get through the day without plugging it in, and I'm not a heavy telephone user. I also couldn't work it well with just a thumb while driving...the Sammy is a 2-handed phone. Finally, the Samsung had trouble connecting to wifi in some areas where the Iphone 5 had no problem. For these reasons, I returned it. The RAZR M is just the opposite. Yesterday, I unplugged the phone at 9am. I had Bluetooth and Wifi on all day. I live in a bad service area, with 2 bars of 3G or 1 bar of 4G, and it seems to oscillate between the two, and this is exactly what is supposed to be a major battery drain. I made a couple calls over BT and downloaded and listened to several podcasts via wifi. Also installed a couple apps. When I went to plug it in at 9pm, the battery was still at 75%. That is simply amazing. In addition, the phone is much easier to carry in a pocket and hold in the hand than the Samsung...basically the same size as the Iphone 5. Working it one-handed is no problem...seems to be the perfect size. The case also seems much better-built and stronger than on the Sammy or the Iphone (the Iphone is known to scratch). The RAZR M has the same 1.5 GHz processor as the Sammy, but only 1GB of RAM instead of the Sammy's 2GB. I run a lot of apps and didn't notice any difference in performance. Tests show the Iphone 5 to be the fastest on the market right now, but I honestly don't see any difference in performance between my wife's Iphone 5 and either the Sammy or the RAZR M. At 960x540, the screen resolution on the RAZR M isn't as good as the Sammy's 1280 x 720 or the Iphone's 1136 x 640, but I don't watch videos on my phone and didn't really notice the difference. If you really need a big screen, go for the new RAZR HD and HD MAXX. These have the Sammy's big screen, but with the rest of the features of the RAZR and RAZR M, including the outstanding battery life. For you world travelers, the RAZR M is global-ready, like the Iphone5...buy a SIM card when you get to the new country and replace the Verizon one. You might think the 8GB max. internal storage might be a problem...especially since, as with the Sammy, you can't offload apps to the microSD card. Surprise! I have a LOT of apps. I loaded them all and they only took less than 1GB of internal storage, so it wasn't really a limitation after all. In addition, you can still put all your photos, videos, etc. on the SD card. About my only complaint is that the white RAZR M has a black foreground around the screen, inside the white case. Result: If you put a black case around it, you no longer have a white phone (unless the case is white, obviously). The Iphone and the Samsung white models look sharp with a different-color case against the white foreground...there is no such contrast with the white RAZR M. Overall, this is easily the best phone I've owned, and I'm happy to recommend it to you. Best of all, it is AT LEAST $100 cheaper than the Iphone 5 or the Galaxy S3.In a nut shell, Moto took the Razr Maxx (minus the battery)and smashed it into this beautiful and small case. Cons: The battery life is not as good as the Maxx, but destroys the standard Razr. Pros: All the great things the Razr Maxx can do, but in a smaller package while maintaining the same screen size. Bottom line: Biggest bang for the buck on the market!UPDATE (May 2016): When I finally switched to an iPhone last month -- after the THIRD Motorola DROID RAZR M died in a two-year period (basically every 7 1/2 - 8 months, like clockwork), the Verizon tech who was helping me said this model comes back ALL. THE. TIME. Buyer beware.....(End update) I have loved my Motorola Droid phones -- they are the only smartphone I have ever had, even though others have tried to lure me over to the iPhone, but this is ridiculous. I got my first Razr M in April of 2014, as an update when it was time to renew my contract. I liked that it was thinner than the phone I was replacing (a Droid 4), and it seemed to be a great phone overall. Fast forward to January 2015 -- right at eight months -- and it would not even turn off, but neither would it turn ON. I had been having to reboot it multiple times per day, as it kept freezing. One night during a reboot, it got stuck on the start-up screen with the red glowing symbol...and it stayed there until the battery died. If I recharged it, the same thing would happen. So since it was (thankfully) still under warranty, Verizon replaced it. That was January 2015. By early July 2015, I was once again rebooting my phone multiple times a day. Text messages were not always being delivered, the phone did not vibrate for incoming calls when it was on vibrate (so I missed a lot of important calls), and it was generally undependable. I took it in to Verizon and they examined it, telling me to remove a few particular apps and do a factory reset. Ibdid, and within a week, I was back because that had not fixed anything. So in late July 2015, the phone was replaced AGAIN. It is now the end of November -- just four months later -- and this third Razr M is driving me bananas. It reboots itself randomly (sometimes several times a day), I have people telling me they get the same text from me more than once , I find others have sent me texts I never receive, it once again does not vibrate on incoming calls when I have set it to vibrate....I am just DONE. I can understand a phone here and there having problems, but three models of the same phone in less than two years that cannot make it more than eight months before dying? That tells me there is something wrong with the overall design.I'd like to start by saying this phone should get four stars. But I read a lot of possibly unfair 1 star reviews here and wanted to offset that a little. This being my first smart phone I was incredibly excited and did a lot of research. Becuase of budget I limited myself to what Verizon offered for free with a 2-year contract. And, to be honest, I think this is probably the best Android phone through Verizon for the money right now. (Of course I could be wrong) Overall, the phone is great. I love the large bright display. Reception is great in my area. I have the smallest data plan so I limit most of my online activities ot WiFi. But when I used the 4G, it seemed fast enough to do what I need to do. I think this is a great little phone. Now here is what I wish I had known before purchasing the phone. It's an 8GB phone. But what they may not tell you in the store or is listed in the very non-specific small print is that about 3.5 GB of that 8GB is already used and cannot be reclaimed. From basic after-purchase research I guess it's from the OS, reserved space for future updates and 'bloatware'. (apps that come with the phone... and in the case of Android / Verizon, cannot be uninstalled). So after purchase you really get about 4 GB of storage for apps. Just be sure to get a microSD card and point your pictures / video to it and I think the average user will be fine with the remaining space. I tend to get app happy on my Android tablet. I'm just being a little more conscious of apps and space with my new phone., I look at it like this, I can tolerate having what is actually a 4GB phone and I can tolerate the bloatware for a really nice phone that was basically free. The good news for us Android users is that we have the micro SD slot where you can store your pictures, movies and songs. And we don't have to deal with iTunes. (the main reason I did not choose an iPhone) So bottom line for me is that I'm okay with those compromises. I would recommend this phone. Just know going in that you'll have about 1/2 as much space as advertised and a lot of pre-installed apps that you may not use and cannot remove.I just got this yesterday, so it obviously won't be a really in-depth review. I switched from a Droid Charge to this, and the difference is unbelievable. This little phone blazes - it's so fast it's kind of ridiculous - the dual-core processor makes a MASSIVE difference. It is smaller than the Charge, but the screen is exactly the same size. It's a wonderfully solid-feeling device, and the kevlar on the back is a brilliant idea - it feels very secure in your hand. The camera has gotten some bad press, but I've taken several photos, inside and out, dark and bright, flash and no, and I'm quite pleased with the quality. Will come back and update once I've had it a couple of months, but so far I LOVE IT.Honestly-- I haven't felt such a child-like sense of wonder since I was... well... a child. I just turned in my Droid BIONIC to upgrade to the Droid RAZR M and I couldn't be more excited! The phone is comfortable, well-built, EXTREMELY fast, and has all the bells and whistles. Most impressive, I think, is the SmartActions functionality. Not only can you program your phone to run all your standard functions automatically... but it even recognizes patterns in behavior and recommends SmartActions without even telling it to! This is much more than just a smartphone... it is intuitive to its user and adapts itself to be your perfect phone. The battery is much improved over my old BIONIC as well. And for the price???? It feels like grand theft larceny. Snap this up before it becomes a highly sought-after commodity. This is it. Summary: This is my 4th Droid and easily the best purchase I've ever made. It stands head and shoulders above any device I've played with (save for the S3) but at an impossibly low price point.I first bought the Samsung Galaxy S3, while my wife got an Iphone 5. I found the size of the Samsung unwieldy, and the battery life atrocious. I couldn't get through the day without plugging it in, and I'm not a heavy telephone user. I also couldn't work it well with just a thumb while driving...the Sammy is a 2-handed phone. Finally, the Samsung had trouble connecting to wifi in some areas where the Iphone 5 had no problem. For these reasons, I returned it. The RAZR M is just the opposite. Yesterday, I unplugged the phone at 9am. I had Bluetooth and Wifi on all day. I live in a bad service area, with 2 bars of 3G or 1 bar of 4G, and it seems to oscillate between the two, and this is exactly what is supposed to be a major battery drain. I made a couple calls over BT and downloaded and listened to several podcasts via wifi. Also installed a couple apps. When I went to plug it in at 9pm, the battery was still at 75%. That is simply amazing. In addition, the phone is much easier to carry in a pocket and hold in the hand than the Samsung...basically the same size as the Iphone 5. Working it one-handed is no problem...seems to be the perfect size. The case also seems much better-built and stronger than on the Sammy or the Iphone (the Iphone is known to scratch). The RAZR M has the same 1.5 GHz processor as the Sammy, but only 1GB of RAM instead of the Sammy's 2GB. I run a lot of apps and didn't notice any difference in performance. Tests show the Iphone 5 to be the fastest on the market right now, but I honestly don't see any difference in performance between my wife's Iphone 5 and either the Sammy or the RAZR M. At 960x540, the screen resolution on the RAZR M isn't as good as the Sammy's 1280 x 720 or the Iphone's 1136 x 640, but I don't watch videos on my phone and didn't really notice the difference. If you really need a big screen, go for the new RAZR HD and HD MAXX. These have the Sammy's big screen, but with the rest of the features of the RAZR and RAZR M, including the outstanding battery life. For you world travelers, the RAZR M is global-ready, like the Iphone5...buy a SIM card when you get to the new country and replace the Verizon one. You might think the 8GB max. internal storage might be a problem...especially since, as with the Sammy, you can't offload apps to the microSD card. Surprise! I have a LOT of apps. I loaded them all and they only took less than 1GB of internal storage, so it wasn't really a limitation after all. In addition, you can still put all your photos, videos, etc. on the SD card. About my only complaint is that the white RAZR M has a black foreground around the screen, inside the white case. Result: If you put a black case around it, you no longer have a white phone (unless the case is white, obviously). The Iphone and the Samsung white models look sharp with a different-color case against the white foreground...there is no such contrast with the white RAZR M. Overall, this is easily the best phone I've owned, and I'm happy to recommend it to you. Best of all, it is AT LEAST $100 cheaper than the Iphone 5 or the Galaxy S3.I was holding on to my Droid 2 for a while, waiting on iPhone 5 to arrive so I can finally upgrade to the 'latest and greatest'. When the 5 was announced, I was displeased with the lack of Google Maps. I used my old D2 for navigation quite often, and I simply wasn't going to downgrade just to get an iPhone. Lucky me, the Razr M had just been released, at that point, still with v4.0. I can't say enough how much I love this phone. My wife got the iPhone 5, and I can't say I regret my decision one bit. Battery life is the same. Price point is cheaper. Hard drive is expandable. The Razr M can do anything an iPhone 5 can do, and Google Maps navigation is standard. iPhone's camera is slightly better, but not noticeable enough where it's a must have. You also get more apps with the iPhone, but Google Play Store has improved so much recently all the major apps are now shared. Now that the Razr M has been upgraded to v4.1 it's even better. I can listen to text messages over Bluetooth while driving, and voice commands are excellent... much MUCH better than iPhone's Siri. As far as the build, this thing is a tank. I dropped it on the kitchen tile the other day and it hit right on the corner. Small dent in the plastic, but that's it, everything else is till perfect. The iPhone would have ended up with a cracked screen, guaranteed.I had an iPhone 4 which I gave to my wife as soon as I bought this phone. Prior to that I owned several blackberry smart phones. I also currently own an iPad (first generation). I do like apple products and I am not here to bash them. When the iPhone 5 came out I was disappointed. Nothing really new. More so than the iPhone or the iPad I was really having issues with iTunes and being locked into their ecosystem. It was really, and is, a big pain dealing with iTunes. In any event, after researching phones I landed on this phone because I liked its size, the specs, and price. I use my phone primarily for phone calls, texting, emails. So the camera and screen quality was less of an issue. But I have to say the camera is decent (I have a DSLR to take quality pictures) and the screen quality is very good. I know it isn't HD but I am not going to watch a movie on this thing. Battery lasts long and the phone is soo quick it is not even funny. Some things I like with this phone compared to my iPhone: The ability to access my files easily. I like the widgets and the quick settings menu. I like that you can customize virtually every aspect of this phone. Ability to add storage with the SD card. One other note: I like the fact that going forward I am not locked into apple products. The ability to choose from a diverse set of phones with different specs, uses, and form factors outweighs the fragmentation issues.A week ago, I switched a white Samsung Galaxy III for the white Razr M when TMobile let us out of our contract. Don't get me wrong, the SIII is a great phone but it was just too big for me. The M is the perfect size for me. The 1 thing I do not like about the M is the location of the power button....so far I haven't actually turned off the phone when I was on a call but what I usually do is turn up the volume when I mean to put the phone to sleep...just a bit of a pain but I am getting used to it and am sure the phone will have me trained within another week. Whoops...I guess there is 1 more thing I don't like but it's a Verizon thing...the phone comes with a lot of bloatware...not the phone's fault but I wish Verizon would let me uninstall the ones that are useless to me and save memory. What I like about this phone: the Circles Widget, love the look and the simple usefulness of it. It did not work the first day so I removed it from the home screen and installed other temp/time widgets but never found one I liked the look of...tried Circles again on the 2nd day and since then it has worked perfectly. Voice Texting, so far works great! Way better than the SIII's. Buttons, I like the location of the buttons and ease of use. Smart Actions, love this app! I programmed it to only ring in the middle of the night if it's someone important. Text reminders from my calendar will not wake me up at 5am any more. Plus there are all sorts of cool things SmartActions can do. WiFi, works great...that may be a Verizon thing too as wifi with Tmobile was within 20 feet of the router & was almost useless. Camera, it works fine for me and for what I need...mostly take pics of my work schedule, my dog (video too) and the kids. I've watched a few training & YouTube videos and they look good. I have not watched a movie or tv episode yet. Call quality has been fine...no dropped calls...give props to Verizon for that. I haven't noticed any difference in the battery life between the SIII and the M but I have been playing a new game on the M that I didn't play on the SIII and maybe that is draining it more quickly than other reviewers have experienced. I bought a red case for it and now have a red phone :o) So far, I love the Razr M and am very glad I switched.I just replaced my Droid Charge with the Droid RAZR M. Verizon let me upgrade two months early as you couldn't beat the price. I will say the battery lasts a lot longer. I have been using it all day and haven't charged it yet. My Charge would have been charged 3 times already. The internet access is much quicker. The features are much clearer. All around it is a better phone, but it does have technology that is 1.5 years more advanced than the Charge. I won't give it 5 stars yet. If it keeps working the way it is, than I will give it 5 stars. Update: I have had this phone for just about 2 weeks now and it is by far the best phone I have had. I have had smart phones since they started making them The battery life is incredible for a smart phone. I can go all day without a charge. I talk 6+ hours a day, text, e-mail, surf the internet and play games. Still at the end of the day, it has a charge left. Also, the phone feels sturdy. It doesn't feel like cheap plastic which so many do. It also has awesome connection speed. It doesn't freeze. I would definitely recommend this phone!I upgraded from a Droid 2 to this phone. The user interface is vastly improved and the phone more well thought out than the Droid 2. Things that I like: Pros: -the size is not too large like the Samsung Galaxy IIIS; size is good for your pocket -folder arrangement is easier to get to and more intuitive -settings is located as the first screen to the left of the main screen; makes it easy to turn on and off things (WIFI, Bluetooth, etc.) -battery life is good (but the phone is only about 2 weeks old) -time, temperature and battery widget is nice -easier to type on the screen that is larger than the Droid 2 -the Razr HD is coming out but the resolution on this screen is really very good (the HD screen size will be comparable to the Galaxy IIIS) -the phone is international compatible if you travel out of the country -the price is great on Amazon and sure beats the price of a new iPhone Cons: -a little concerned about the sealed battery but that seem an iPhone trend -only 8 Gb but it seems manageableI have lived through the evolution of mobile phones for the past 20 years and I have enjoyed almost all of them at their various stages of development. Now, I never did purchase an iPhone, because I refuse to spend that kind of money when I feel that Android phones are perfectly adequate, but my daughters and friends have them. They are nice. But, I do like the Motorola DROID RAZR M 4G better than anything I have experienced. That includes the Samsung Galazy SIII and Note2. The processor is adequate, because I don't use my phone for business. The SMALLER size is perfect and the HD screen is good for videos, especially Netflix. My daughter is jealous at the airport as we wait & I finish my film or documentary while she is flat bored. The screen on her Blackberry is inadequate, but she refuses to venture outside of the RIM device world. I love the Android Jellybean, too. Then, the other day, my Google Search application updated. Now, all I have to do is ask for the weather and there it is! I know, iPhone people may yawn, but I usually don't think of using...perks. But best of all, the battery life is AMAZING! This is my first Android phone that doesn't need to be recharged twice a day. Sometimes, I will charge it every other day. I love it. Finally, a phone that is a keeper for me and I won't feel the need to upgrade every 6 months! Hehe!RECOMMENDED! I've owned a lot of phones over the last 15 years. So far this is my favorite. The latest skin by Motorola is quick, smooth, and substantially less intrusive than previous Motoblur skins. I love the quick access settings menu, and that I can create unlimited application screens. Battery life is great! Individual results will vary, but so long as you don't have a million services running in the background, you should go a full day on a charge. Some friends of mine aren't so lucky with older RAZR models. They had to buy extended batteries, or keep a charger with them. Having mentioned batteries; you can't open this model. That is, the battery is sealed inside the phone. You do have easy access to the SIM and MicroSD card slots. The best feature in my opinion is the Motorola Smart Actions application (included on the phone). It's like a slimmed down version of the "Tasker" app. Smart Actions allow monitoring of simple conditions to manage battery life, messages, profiles, or locations. For example, IF I'm at home, and its after 10pm, and the phone hasn't been picked up in 10 minutes, THEN turn off the ringer, disable WiFi and Mobile Data, and auto reply to incoming text messages. It's really handy. The screen is AMOLED and quite beautiful. Since each pixel generates light individually, black is OFF and thus truly black. There is no back light. I've been using the phone for about four months and I've had no problems. The local Verizon 4G LTE network gives me a blazing 21 Mbps download (faster than my home internet!), and gets great signal. The only downside is the camera. It takes O.K. photos. The photos seem a little fuzzy (like someone painted them) under high zoom. The HDR mode does take nice photos in low light, and the macro capabilities are decent. The new panoramic feature in Android 4.1+ is less than great. Very rarely do the photos stitch together well, and usually the blurriness is horrible. Data access priority is a bit of a pet peeve. If WiFi and Mobile Data are both turned on, the phone will prioritize access via the WiFi. If you enter a building or area with free WiFi access, the phone will connect automatically. The issue I find annoying is often these free access networks require you to accept terms of service (TOS) via a redirected web page before the network grants you access to the internet. So you ARE connected to the WiFi hotspot, but not the internet. If for example you quickly try and comparison shop a product on Amazon, you get a network error (this happens a lot when you aren't aware there's free WiFi). You either have to load the browser and accept the WiFi hotspot TOS, or shut off WiFi. Kind of annoying- especially since most free hotspots don't remember you when you return a few days later and you need to repeat the process. Not really a problem with the phone specifically. In my opinion if the phone doesn't detect internet access on the WiFi connection, it should automatically switch to the Mobile Data connection. I shouldn't have to force it to switch. It's an unnecessary step. In fairness, this may be by design to assist users using too much data on their data plans. Also, if you're thinking of a case, I find this one to work well. It doesn't bulk out the phone, and includes a secure belt clip: Verizon OEM Shell Belt Clip Holster Combo Case and Kick Stand for VZW Motorola Droid Razr M XT907 RAZRM XT 907 by Verizon And if you're looking for a ridiculously overbuilt, industrial car window mount, try this: RAM Mount Universal X-Grip Holder Twist Lock Suction Cup Mount In all I am very happy with this phone. I've had several other Android phones, this is by far the best performer. I would recommend this phone to friends and family.The phone is perfect IMO. Larger screen phones are just too big to be 'phones', and smaller screen phones (even my previously owned, only slightly smaller iPhone 4) are difficult to work with as smartphones. Battery life isn't quite as good as the iPhone, even taking the slightly larger screen into consideration. By the end of the day I'm averaging 10-20% less battery power remaining than I would be using the iPhone. Fortunately I don't live on my phone so I'm never in danger of draining it. App selection on the Play Store is very good, and has some unique offerings missing from the heavily restrictive iTunes store. All the apps I used on the iPhone have Android versions, and most cost nothing or were a fraction of the iTunes store cost (for example my birding app is $30 on itunes, $10 on android). Beware that there's a learning curve coming from Apple's iWorld to Android, but anyone able to download and manage apps on the iPhone will not have difficulty learning the new way of doing things. Just be patient as your brain needs to be retrained. Use is very stable and the recent apps view is useful for quick switching between apps. Call quality is very good, noticed how much clearer this phone on Verizon is versus my iPhone on AT&T. No drops even with only one or two bars of cell reception.I purchased this product from Best Buy,and it's my first smartphone, so I love, because I have nada to compare it to. I just wanted to give everyone a heads up concerning two issues with this phone. 1- When I'm on a call via blue tooth, and another call comes in, when I ignore the call my current call goes silent, and i have to push speaker phone, then blue tooth to be able to hear the person I'm talking to again. The phone also gets a little glitchy when you answer an incoming call and try to switch back. 2- One morning after an incoming call my phone went blank, the dreaded black unresponsive screen,right before I'm leaving town, and I NEEDED the GPS and other features on my phone. Long story short, I took it to Verizon, and it turns out this is a common problem with this phone, and all you have to do is reboot it. So to save you a trip to the Verizon store- to reboot, hold down the volume down button and the power button for 10 seconds and you should be good to go. The Verizon tech said they are working on a fix for this issue, but I was back up and running like it never happened.I was holding on to my Droid 2 for a while, waiting on iPhone 5 to arrive so I can finally upgrade to the 'latest and greatest'. When the 5 was announced, I was displeased with the lack of Google Maps. I used my old D2 for navigation quite often, and I simply wasn't going to downgrade just to get an iPhone. Lucky me, the Razr M had just been released, at that point, still with v4.0. I can't say enough how much I love this phone. My wife got the iPhone 5, and I can't say I regret my decision one bit. Battery life is the same. Price point is cheaper. Hard drive is expandable. The Razr M can do anything an iPhone 5 can do, and Google Maps navigation is standard. iPhone's camera is slightly better, but not noticeable enough where it's a must have. You also get more apps with the iPhone, but Google Play Store has improved so much recently all the major apps are now shared. Now that the Razr M has been upgraded to v4.1 it's even better. I can listen to text messages over Bluetooth while driving, and voice commands are excellent... much MUCH better than iPhone's Siri. As far as the build, this thing is a tank. I dropped it on the kitchen tile the other day and it hit right on the corner. Small dent in the plastic, but that's it, everything else is till perfect. The iPhone would have ended up with a cracked screen, guaranteed.This Motorola Droid RAZR M is exceptional. The ICS is fun, the Processor is extremely fast, the camera is clear (albeit a slow shutter speed) and the build, fit and finish are amazing. The best part about this phone is you get all the same or better features in this phone as you do in the larger Moto Droid Devices, without having to stretch your paws out to access it all. The "edge-to-edge" display is great, with a small bezel it really makes the phone feel much larger to your eyes, while staying small in your hands. I know the great moto build quality will last the 2 years I will be with this phone, as the strong aluminum bezel, tough Kevlar backing (yes, yes, I know its just martketing tactics, but it feels cool) gorilla glass, and weather-resistant coating all work hand in hand to provide a steady, strong and durable device. If you hate the massive size devices have grown to today (Ahem, GS3) and are looking the full package in a small box, this is the device for you. I will wait patiently for Jelly Bean, as this phone has been cleared for that as well (Can we do 6 stars when that comes out?)I knew this phone was smaller, but when I saw it in a store for the first time, I really wanted it! And it didn't disapoint. I also love that it already has Jelly Bean (android 4.1). My wife's S3 doesn't have it yet. The battery life seems excellent. At the end of the day, it usually has 20-30% left (I've only had it for a few days, so I'll have a better idea in a few weeks). My only complaint is the screen. It's a pentile, which makes edges between objects rough. It's kind of hard to explain. I think my old Droid X had a better screen in this regard. That said, the screen is pretty bright, and I think I'll get used to it. I would give the phone 4.75, but I have to dock it something for the screen. I have no regrets purchasing this phone.It's easy to get bogged down in the critical, so let me start off by saying that this is, overall, a wonderful phone. Jelly Bean is a wonderful OS. The fact that Moto doesn't add much to it is a testament to Google's influence. And that is a good thing, in my book. The major plusses - call quality, talk and data signal strength, the speed with which you can move through screens and apps - it really is a good device. I am coming to this device from an HTC Thunderbolt and a Razr Maxx HD (that fell victim to a horrible accident). When they say that this phone is the most compact Android device with a 4.3-inch screen, that's not just PR hype. This is a very thin, light (though well-constructed), phone. Coming from the above devices, I found myself thinking the phone was TOO thin and TOO light. I have big hands and I kept feeling like the phone was going to shoot out of my hands, but after putting a case on it, I no longer have any problems. I only have three negatives (other than the above about the size and heft of the device - and I think that's personal preference). The first is the LED. I am used to it glowing when it's plugged in, and according to the manual, it's supposed to do so. Mine doesn't. In fact, the only time the LED flashes is when I get a text or email, and it wasn't even doing that at first. Aftermarket LED apps didn't do any good, either. I assume it's just my device being wonky, but I have read where others have had different issues. Second, and I think is an issue across the board with Jelly Bean, is the difficulty in making an MP3 your ringtone or notification sound. Used to be able to do this simply through your default media player. Now you have to download an app to make this happen (and there are apps that make this a very simple process). It just shouldn't be that hard. I think this should be a built-in function. Last - I'm having a hell of a time keeping the phone connected to my computer when I attempt to transfer media to the phone. Whenever I drag and drop files over, it's hit or miss as to whether they'll actually copy. Often I get an error saying something along the lines of "the device has stopped working." This happens whether or not I'm attempting to transfer to the SD card or internal memory, whether or not I'm connected as an Media Device or "camera," regarless of what iteration of USB port I'm connected to (1.0, 2.0 or 3.0), and on various versions of Windown (Vista, 7 and 8). I'm sure there's a simple something I'm not doing or some bug that needs to be found. I just haven't yet found it. Overall, though, this is a great phone, and the fact that I was able to get it for a penny on contract was too good a deal to pass up.I have nothing negative to say about this phone. I have had it since October 2012 and the phone has functioned perfect for me. It is light, thin and just the right size for my female hands. The phone has never frozen on me and I have never had to restart the phone, in fact I had already forgotten about the "droid" robotic voice that you hear at the start-up of powering on the phone...lol. The battery life lasts a day and a half depending on my usage of the phone, that is with the 3G/4G data turned on with the wireless always turned off. My clumsy self has dropped this phone several times and the phone works like nothing happened to it..no scratches and no damage to the screen, etc. I do have a protective cover but the cover is just some cheap $8 cover from Ebay.Over the years I've owned several different phones but my favorite has always been the Droid and I have to say that the Razr M certainly lives up to expectations. Its fast and user friendly and very easy to operate, the reception is also very clear. It is a little smaller than the regular razr but in my opinion is actually a better phone. The battery life is a little better than I expected which in itself is a big plus as I live in a rural area, so my phone is always searching for a connection which of course means that the battery doesn't last as long as it would say in a more urban area. The RAZR M also seems to be a tough and well built little phone, although I've yet to drop mine on the floor it does seem built to withstand the occasional accident.i got this phone brand new, worked great till until about a 1 / 1/2 yrs and it stopped working ( it happens to all phones) got another 1 used and works great, i got a sd disk for more memory, i don't use a lot of apps so i don't have no problems, pics are good, it is time for me to upgrade & i will eventually but not now, what for? this phone does everything i want it to, i go on facebook,twitter, can go into my email. i will use this phone until it stops working and then upgrade. i love the size of it also, can fit in my shirt pocket. all the new phones now are to big, i don't like big phonesI bought this phone back in December if 2012 and have had nothing but problems with the reception of the phone on both WiFi and Data. Living in Colorado Springs, we have LTE over the entire city and my families other phones are on 4G most of the time, but not the Razr M, it spends most of its time in 3G or even 1X! Voice calls are good and the operation of the phone is decent. But the minute you need to do anything with data it fails miserably. Verizon changed out my phone with a RAZR HD which is a similar phone but has a slightly different antennae which so far seems to be working far better than the RAZR M. Batter life is good as well. GPS has a little trouble connecting from time to time, but that seems consistent with most phones.So to start off, this was the first smart phone ever, so my review might be a little biased. I have been available to upgrade for almost a year, but I had been skeptical about jumping into the smartphone band wagon mainly because of the extra fees for a data plan. Eventually I was tired of not having the convenience, so I closed my eyes and jumped in. Before I took off, however, I searched for the phone that I thought would be best for me. My first instinct was just to get an iPhone 4s, since it was cheap and almost everyone that had owned one loved it. But I really didn't want to conform to everyone's opinion, so I kept looking. I had heard quite a bit about android phones, so I took a peak. Personally, Motorola's Droid line stood out to me. Its rugged, industrial look and feel was exactly what I wanted in a phone. The next thing that was on my lost was screen size. I have HUGE hands' so getting anything smaller than a 4.3 inch display made me nervous. I was instantly attracted to the Droid RAZR HD and Droid RAZR Max HD. Their HD displays and large screen size was a big turn on for me. However their prices weren't, so I turned to the Droid RAZR M. And you know what I don't regret it. Look and Feel It is a hell lot slim! Its very compact and basically has no bezel. It has the rugged, industrial, tough feel that I like. The only down side is the screen is a bit too small for my liking. But that's just for me. The kevlar backing is also pretty cool, but considering the fact that I just slapped a case on the phone, doesn't really have much of an impression on me. The gorilla glass is also pretty slick. Not that I don't trust it, but I still put a screen protector on it. Display Obviously not as sick as its cousins, the RAZR HD and Max HD, the qHD screen isn't that bad. The video and picture quality is clean and its not difficult whatsoever to read, though its clothing compared to Apple's Retina Display. Camera One thing that's I cannot defend is the camera. Its really grainy when taking indoor pictures or videos and the flash rarely helps. Outside its pretty good. It can capture the colors and and shadows quite well, warrant that there is enough natural light. Still, i bought the phone for the phone, not the camera. Besides coming from the enV2, this camera was a huge upgrade. Call Quality Amazing! Simply amazing! When I speak to someone, he/she almost always comments on how clear my voice is. I can also hear from the other end quite well. There is minimum static and I have never had a dropped call as of yet. Processing Its pretty fast! Then again, of is my first smart phone.However, I have experienced some lag and on one event, o had to restart the phone because it froze. Otherwise its pretty fast. Android jelly bean 4.1 runs seamlessly on this device. 4g LTE with Verizon is a dream! This phone can have multiple apps open at once and still operate at blazing fast speeds. Download speeds are pretty fast and impressive as well. Overall So far I have had this phone for about two weeks and I have to say I am thoroughly impressed. I know this is my first smartphone and honestly I would have been impressed with any phone I got, but this phone has yet to let me down.I did not buy my M from Amazon and instead went to the Verizon, yet I am here to inform potential buyers about some possible headaches when buying this phone. I originally upgraded from a basic slide phone to this to get started in the smartphone world. I wanted a Casio one that was waterproof but the salesman convinced me to get this, saying it was faster and not as buggy... Well... Pros: - Heavy, solid build - DROID - MicroSD port Cons: - Software (as of 1/12/2014, ALL M's are stuck on Android 4.1.2 with no word on updates) - Speaker goes out very quickly - Super slow - Not enough RAM Let me start with the cons of this phone. First, the software. As Google announces 4.4 KitKat, Motorola users have been stuck on 4.1.2 or thereabouts for well over a year. The OS is old, buggy, and apps are starting to have issues. You can try to get 4.4 unofficially by "rooting" your phone, which, as of the most recent updates, is impossible. So if you're looking into getting into custom ROMs and hacking your phone, this isn't the one for you. The speakers. After about 2 months of having the phone (and not rooting it), I would answer a call and nothing. Just silence. I would hang up and dial the number again and I wouldn't even hear the dial tones you get when the other person's phone is ringing. I'd check my phone and yep, it's connected to the other person. I would get a text back that they could hear me. I've reset my phone countless times in an attempt to solve the issue. After some quick research, Verizon refuses to acknowledge the issue and blames Motorola, and vice versa. Shortly after that went, my speaker on the back went, meaning if I got a call and my phone wasn't on vibrate, I'd miss it. Speed. It's very very laggy once you actually get your phone up and running. Even texting can be a challenge on this phone. It'll freeze when switching conversations and even opening the basic included app. I've tried others and the included app is /the/ fastest, least glitchy one. You can't play any games that require any amount of graphics other than solitaire. Videos and movies are ok though. The pros! It is solidly built. After the speaker had already broken, I accidentally dropped my phone from about chest high and it was fine (with an OtterBox). The screen didn't crack and the buttons still work. DROID. Who doesn't like that DRRROOOOOIIID sound? MicroSD. I've been looking at other phones and some of them do NOT have a MicroSD slot. For example, the new Moto X comes in only 8 and 16 gig versions (actual usable space is less) and there's no slot for a MicroSD. So if you want to listen to music without streaming over the network and running your battery down and data rates up, you can only keep some songs, maybe a movie. So, to wrap things up, the phone has points for the MicroSD slot, DROID sound, and build quality minus the speakers. It looses points for software OS not being upgraded, speakers have short life expectancies, it's very slow, and not enough RAM.Ive had this phone for about 8 months now and at first, I loved it. It was fast, cute, and ran all the apps I wanted it to. Then, just a few months ago, I noticed that it started lagging on several things  my music starting skipping (I thought that only happened on CD and old-fashioned record players), my apps took way too long to load, and most importantly, I couldnt get to my phone screen and text messages as quickly as I used to. So I thought okay, all I have to do is clean up my phone so I removed all the unused apps, pictures, music, etc. from the internal memory and SD card. Nope, it didnt help and my phone is now slower than ever. I havent tried giving it a factory reboot yet but that may be what I have to do. Another thing I noticed is that it gets hot for some inexplicable reason, as if its running tons of apps at once. Even when I manually shut down everything and delete apps, it still gets hot and it drains my battery life. Sigh. That reboot is looking more and more appealingI had a Droid Bionic and wanted something a bit smaller. I'm very happy with the phone. Its a great size, battery life is excellent (85% after typical day), screen is just fine (despite what the on-line reviews say, I don't see any pixelation), camera takes pictures MUCH faster than the BIONIC, phone is very snappy. I'm a minimal usage user of the phone. I check email a few times a day when I'm not in front of a computer, send maybe five texts, make a phone call or two, and look up a few things (maps, browser) while I'm out and about. I have the phone set to use WiFi at home and work (which is most of the time), have 4G turned off (I'll turn it on if I need good data throughput), and have my screen sent to minimal brightness (use power controls widget to turn it up if I'm outside) to save battery life. 4G download speeds where 19.9 mbps down and 5.9 mbps up in the Louisville KY area. The only thing I don't like so far is the way the GMail app in ICS shows the sender's name in bold instead of the subject. That's Google's fault though and will be the same for all Ice Cream Sandwich phones. Don't hesitate to get this phone, especially considering the price!The Razr M is great. The problem is that it took me over an hour to get the phone activated. The problem turned out to be that Amazon sent the wrong ID number for the phone and for the SIM card to Verizon Wireless, but we did not know that until I had tried unsuccessfully to activate the phone for over 45 minutes. It then took Verizon an additional 30 minutes, and two separate people, to change the ID information for my new phone on their computer. The phone also arrived without a packing slip, which has the data needed to start the activation process. It seems they may have sent me a phone intended for someone else. All in all, a sloppy job by Amazon. Next time I will order my phone directly from Verizon.I upgraded from a Droid X. The X was a good phone but, for me, just a bit too big. It was like a brick in a shirt pocket. All of the M's features have been covered here so I'll just say that it is the perfect size. I absolutely love that they made a phone in a size I want. I have some friends that own S3's and the only advantage I can see is that it can be used as a snack tray when not being used as a phone. I detect a touch of embarrassment in their faces when they pull that behemoth out of the cargo pocket. Not so with the M, it's got an elegance to itLoved this little thing, actually got a second one after the first one finally gave up. Lasted quite a long time without any major bugs popping up, dropped my first one in water and it was absolutely fine for at least another year afterwards. Second one is still up and running, 6 years and counting. only stopped using it as my primary phone and upgraded last year when it started getting sluggish and it didn't have enough storage space, still use it as a backup phone though.This phone is THE worst phone I every owned. According to reviews online, the signal capability is lower than other comparable smart phones, well, it is SIGNIFICANTLY sub-par. Where all my other smartphones (i.e. HTC, Galaxy, even the Trio) were able to pick up the signal, this one had one bar and forget about internet signal. Most of the time, I could barely use this phone at work. Also, the phone drags. I try to clear everything in its temp memory but it still freezes and it's slow. Maps, web sites, you name it...takes a whole minute to get it going. I've had it for less than a year and I could tell I hated it within 15 days; however, I got it under a contract and before you know it the 30 days to exchange it passed. Now I'm stuck. Last, kind of funny...but really annoying thing it does: I would be in the middle of dialing a number and it opens a random app and then dials the incomplete number....WTF!The only reason this phone gets one star is that there's no provision for zero stars. This thing is fine if what you want to do is shop. Motorola has thoughtfully provided the owner with 20 or more shopping apps covering everything from amazon to the NFL. Unfortunately, you can't remove those apps. I hate it when companies tell me how my computing devices have to be configured. Then there's the Android File Transfer program for Macs. Worst design and implementation I've ever seen from any respectable manufacturer, which Motorola isn't (or wasn't, given they belonged to Google and now to Lenovo). Load one music file on the phone, and, if the load even completes, at the end, or somewhere in the middle, the device will stop communicating with your computer, necessitating a reboot of the phone. Now imagine that you have a 32GB card and at least 16GB in audio to download. You're going to be there a long, long time.It's an okay phone. I'm a one-handed user, so the size is perfect. The camera takes great photos. The phone is painfully slow though. It takes a good 10 seconds sometimes to open an app. The worst part about the phone is that when the battery gets low, the phone starts to heat up. To the point that it will leave a red mark on my leg if it is in my pocket. I've even went back to factory default and removed the apps to see if it would speed it up or not heat up, but it still is slow and still burns.I've had the phone for 8 months now and it is fantastic. I can go 2 days without charging if I'm being conservative with it. It's fast enough to play all the games I'd like. Adding a 16gig card keeps it running smooth. Don't worry about the non-removable battery, you'll never need to. It seems to be the perfect size, as well. Very thin, very tough with a great sized screen. I don't use any protecters on it, and it doesn't have a scratch. For $50 I thought it was a bargain, but now it's available for free with a 2 year contract. Order this phone.I bought this as part of a 2 year contract and got it for a very low price. What I like most about the phone is the size. It is not a giant phone, but rather, is sleek and light and fits well in the hand and pocket. A lot of the new phones are really big. The screen is super bright also and very clear. I think it looks nicer than the iPhone 5 (and so do my friends who own iPhones). All of it's functions are really fast and there are about 600,000 apps available.This phone is fast and responsive, and I think the screen implementation is perfect. I don't want a big unwieldy cell phone like the Galaxy S III or Droid DNA, so having a screen this size in a phone that still comfortably fits my hand is wonderful. I recommend the phone to almost anyone, but it is important to know something going in. This phone completely lacks the ability to move applications from internal storage to the SD card. Even third-party applications such as App2SD cannot do so, as they only streamline the native process. That being said, the phone has ample internal memory, roughly 4.6GB, which is far more than I need for my applications at this time, and I imagine a long time to come. It is absolutely worth investing in an additional SD card, though, for storing music and video files. The SD card slot is very easily-accessed on the side of the phone, as well, so that's a plus. The only people I imagine would find substantial disappointments with this phone are serious tinkerers, and even then only a few of them. It is a strong handset with a great set of features, and I can't recommend it highly enough.I loved this phone for the first 14 months. It has a beautiful screen, takes awesome pictures, is fast, and user-friendly. Unfortunately, soon after the warranty expired, the phone became sluggish and my apps began to crash. To try and fix this, I rebooted the phone, but it never was able to come all the way back on - it couldn't get past the start-up screen. I tried a factory restore with no luck. When I took it to Verizon, they tried everything they could, including reloading the entire operating system, but nothing worked. Apparently, the RAM in the phone went bad, due to no fault of myself, and now I'm stuck with a bricked phone. To make matters worse, I never realized that the phone stores all photos internally instead of on the SD card, so I lost everything. I realize it may have just been bad luck that I got a defective phone, but now I have 10 more months until I can get a new one. I'm extremely disappointed in this device. Luckily, I have my old trusty Samsung Continuum that I was able to active. Save yourself the headache and do not get a Droid.I switched from a Bionic. I love this phone. It's small but has the same size screen as the Bionic. It's also fast. I'm amazed that it's small and does everything I need. The battery life blows away the Bionic, I love it. There is one drawback, the camera isn't very good as others have stated. For me, I would take pictures of appliance labels (which have very small writing) for my job. It won't focus on the small letters like my Bionic would. It's not a deal killer for me and I still love the phone.Extensive research by the tech and his supervisor could not find a SIM that is compatible with this phone. I'd love to use it (I like the small form factor) but if it ever worked on Verizon, it doesn't anymore. November 13, 2016Kudos to Motorola. Delighted tech user for the last 45 days. By far one of the best smartphones I've owned. Call quality, responsiveness, battery life, stability, and ease-of-use are excellent. I appreciate the "Smart Actions" customization tools and most importantly - It just works. It never freezes, lags, or needs a reboot. I consistently get two days of light to moderate mixed-use on one charge. The display and graphics are absolutely capable of impressing all but the most discriminating of users. The cameras are decent for the lens size(s) - significantly improved from what most devices had just a year ago. Bloatware is about average. Update 4.1 was pushed to my phone earlier in the week. Seamless update, new features, still a great solid phone. Would not hesitate to recommend.5 years and still going strong. I only wish I could find a sim card so it would hold more. It stops me from down loading new apps. I never knew there wasn't one in it. I guess it's time for a new phoneThis is my first smartphone, and it's pretty good overall. However, I'm very disappointed that I'm not allow to transfer my apps to my external SD card. I've read that this is as designed by Motorola to defeat hackers. I'm quickly running out of memory mainly due to my apps! A secondary effect of this problem is that I have too much data on the phone for the free Motorola backup, and have to move up to a paid backup plan. I would have bought a different phone if I had known about all this in advance. (P.S. - I also unhappy about uninstallable crapware that comes with the phone and consumes memory.)The only positive thing about this phone is that the battery life is good. I've owned the phone for several months and I seem to find something new every day that I hate about the phone. The camera is TERRIBLE. The touch screen is not good (it is not accurate and it tends to interpret a LOT of taps as swipes, which is infuriating). Apps tend to lose touch with reality frequently (e.g. text messages stop coming in, Facebook won't update, etc) and it requires a reboot to fix. I often have people on the phone say they can't hear me or that I'm extremely muffled but this problem doesn't exist when using a bluetooth earpiece. The back of the phone doesn't have any rubberized surface so when I have it on a table I have to hold it in place with a hand to prevent it from being pushed around by swiping. The phone is not terribly root-friendly and I think that's a Motorola characteristicmy past few phone experiences have been with HTC and those phones are GREAT for root users by comparison. I'll be going back to HTC now.This phone just rocks. Outstanding performance, great screen, lightweight, and Jelly Bean. If you're like me and prefer a pocket sized phone you can easily use with one hand, there is no better choice in android-land than this. Coming from HTC, I'm in love with my phone again. Also appreciate the easy access to settings by swiping left.I have had this phone for about a month and i must say this is the best choice I could have made for a smartphone!!! The Razr M has the perfect size to fit in your hand and pocket (not a large bulky frame to take up space) The 4.3" display hits the sweet spot for form and function. The battery lasts a ridiculously long amount of time as compared to other smart phones. On the Verizon Network you can talk and surf the web simultaneously, something you can't do with the Iphone on Verizon or Sprint. Best of all you have a microSD slot to expand memory on the phone. I purchased a 64GB MicroSDXC SanDisk (category 10)memory card on Amazon, formatted it on my phone, and it works like a charm!! That's more memory than is available for the Iphone. There are so many features available on this phone that just are not on the Iphone ie., NFC for mobile payments, expandable memory, water-resistant coating, and a larger screen with the same size frame. Get this phone. You won't be disappointed!!!The last 4 phones I've owned have all been Motorola's. Loved them all. Except this one. The durability was unmatched. Unfortunately, I experienced the opposite with this Motorola Razor HD xt907. I always handled it carefully, and respectfully. Yet the mini USB port broke free from phone, regardless. Also the power button began to fail as well. The non-removable battery begged me not to buy it, but I didn't listen. Do yourself a favor; NEVER buy a phone with a battery you can't remove or replace. Or you'll be replacing the whole phone instead of just a battery.I've had my phone now for just under the 15 day cut off period Verizon gives us to switch if we want to, and I've decided to keep the Razr M. My job as a realtor and part time investor has finally forced me to embrace the kind of technology that allows one instant access to information, so I decided this time around to upgrade to a phone that would hopefully let me receive & send emails, look up information on real estate sites, get where I'm going without getting lost, etc., and the Razr M seems more than capable of doing that. There's very little argument that I can see among reviewers regarding the speed of this phone, and I can vouch for that. It opens up applications quickly, and switches apps and screens with almost zero delay. When I receive a notification that I have a new email, I can be at that open gmail message in literally 2 or 3 seconds. The screen on this phone is extremely good as well. I've seen lots of reviews criticizing the pentile display as not being "true HD", but I'm quite sure most people wouldn't know that if someone hadn't told them, it just plain looks extremely high definition to me. The battery life is also more than adequate. I was afraid going from a feature phone that I had to recharge maybe twice a week to a smart phone, that I'd be sadly disappointed in the battery life. But I can go two full days on a charge with the Razr- that's looking at maybe 20-30 emails a day, another 30-40 texts, 20 minutes of conversations, a few photos and maybe 15 minutes of web browsing. My 15 year old son has the iphone 4s, and he considers the build quality of the Razr M to be at least as good as his phone, likes the screen size better, and really can't tell much of a difference in screen quality between the two. The camera is another area where professional reviewers have beaten on this phone a bit. I've taken a number of photos with it already, and anything taken in strong to medium light looks absolutely fine. Its low light capabilities are a bit weaker than the iphone 4s but again, coming from a feature phone with a 2.3 MP camera that could barely produce a recognizable image in low light, the Razr M camera is very adequate. All in all, I'm very happy with the Razr M, and I'd give it 5 stars if not for the bloatware issue that Verizon has caused by insisting on putting all kinds of Amazon and other partner apps in a phone that only has 8 gigs of storage internally. I looked at several alternatives before deciding on the M. The Galaxy SIII was just a bit awkward in size, felt a bit cheaper in quality, and the screen wasn't quite as bright. The iphone 5 was an another option, but I really hated the thought of being dependent on itunes, and it didn't even give you the option of increasing its storage with a micro usb card. I thought briefly about the Blackberry Bold touchscreen, and had it been 4g, with a better battery and camera, I might have thought harder, but I guess there's a reason RIM is losing market share as fast as they are.I have been through many Droid phones within the last few years, and while each one was improving on the last, it seemed that it was starting to get a bit redundant with basically the same phone in a different "shell." So when it came time to get a new phone again, I had started heavily considering the iPhone. But then I saw the Razr M while browsing the store, and I had to try it out. I was amazed at how fast the phone was, considering its size. I had the Razr at the time, and the Razr M made it look horribly slow. As I continued to play around with the phone, I loved how easy it was to customize, from adding extra "home page" slides, to favorite apps, this phone was phenomenal. Now that I have had the phone for a while, I have found I like it even more. Not only does it have every feature from the Razr, including a good quality camera (for a cell phone at least), it had made improvements on many of the features, including the phone being lighter, smaller and yet still having a very large screen. The best part about this phone to me so far has been the battery life. In a normal days use, I never see the battery go below about 60% battery life, and that with web browsing, email, text, and the unlimited data plan. I have found some apps that drain the battery within an hour, but an Task Killer App (I prefer Advanced Task Manager), pretty much made this a non-issue. I have also found the internal antenna to be better in this phone, as I constantly have 4G in my house on it, whereas my old Razr would only get 4G in the upstairs bedroom. All in all, this phone is awesome. It is super fast, the touch screen works great and is very bright, and the phone overall is very easy to use even for someone who has never had a smartphone.Had to wait 2 years to replace this phone... two years too long. Where do I begin? The sound coming from the earphone part of the phone is atrocious. So bad in fact that I let most calls go to voice-mail just so I can call them back on a land-line. And then there's dealing with the phone itself... crashes, freezes, hang-ups. It doesn't stop. I have reset the phone to factory settings numerous times with the same results. And battery life after the first year is non-existent. After two years of throwing the phone across the room out of frustration the screen finally cracked rendering the phone useless. Guess I have to give it Motorola for durability. So, either anger management is in order or I need a working, non-Motorola phone. The answer is... well, probably both. But first, I will start with a non-Motorola phone to help calm me down.I'm a very light used of mobile phones - no games, don't use it walking around the streets, don't run/bike/skateboard with one in my pocket. My Droid Razr just stopped taking a charge after about 20 months. My best guess is some sort of cheap manufacture between the battery and the USB charging port. I'm a few months short of a two-year contract, so I pulled an ancient Blackberry out of a drawer, and it powered up and is serving OK as a phone. I'll be looking for a new phone as I approach contract time, but Droid won't be on my list.I really didn't want to do the smart phone, but I have to say it has changed me to have it, and I love this phone. I have dropped it so many times I have expected it to stop working but it keeps on going (I do have an otter box)). I recommend it for anyone new to the smart phone thing, b/c it was very easy to learn.Husband has a Razr M with an otter-box cover, GREAT Product, he dropped in the lake- went about a foot under, grabbed out let dry. Was acting a bit funny, the display jumping... put in bag rice for 2 days, Been Working Great for 10 days now! No issues. How many Products could do that?The good: - upgrades to Jellybean - fast. No hesitation switching between apps or streaming/playing music - supports 32GB SD card - screen looks great to me... I don't need HD for anything - its the size of an average phone The bad: - only comes with 8GB storage, only 4 to 5GB is usable for apps - Motorola removed the ability to install apps to SD card. You are stuck with the 4 to 5GB of built-in storage for apps - I had some issues staying connected to my home WiFi. I fixed this by setting my router encryption to WPA instead of WPA2. Been working fine ever since. Over all, I'm happy with this phone.This phone has everything. It will actually fit in your pocket and you won't even notice it. It's got a nice size screen. It's 4G. It's got jelly bean. It comes in white. It costs under $100. And it survived a motorcycle accident with nothing more than a nick in the plastic. Enough said.Thus phone is incredible. I had the original Droid RAZR, then I upgraded. I tried the s3 but I didn't think it was worth the money. So exchanged it for the RAZR m and I'm so happy that I did. It has the same inner CPU as the more expensive phones, I didn't notice any difference in graphics from the S3 and the RAZR m. The battery life is much better then the regular RAZR, and so far it's lasting longer then the S3. So far I've been using it for over 36 hours without charging and I have 35% battery life left. They also stayed rolling out the jelly bean update out. And the size is perfect in your hands. To me so far the best phone out there.I got my phone October of 2012 about a week or so after the phone was released. It was a huge mistake and I am never buying a product so soon after its release date again. Besides the huge issue of not enough internal storage I absolutely adore my phone. It is small enough to fit into the palm of my hand and works very smoothly. About a month or so after I got the phone a message popped up saying I was running out of internal storage space. I got an micro SD card soon after and didn't think anything of it...until the message wouldn't go away. I read online about my issue more and realized that apps are not able to be copied onto the micro SD card, which was a huge issue. I programmed my phone to put all new music on the SD card but it wouldn't do that for some reason so I stopped buying songs on my phone all together. I brought it into the Verizon store and the guy looked at me and said "You probably have too many apps", and walked away. Not only was that not true but extremely rude. I am now down to using only the apps i use every day and the annoying apps that came with the phone pre-installed that I do not use at all. From my research I gather that this is the first Droid phone that prevents app copying to SD card and will now do plenty of research before buying a new phone. Overall this phone is really great for a first time smart phone owner like myself but not for someone who uses a lot of storage space. I would have given this product 5 stars if it weren't for the storage problem.I purchased this phone 7 days ago. On day 2 of ownership, I woke and took the phone off the charger to check the weather. A small blue light in the upper left corner of the device flashed at me, but nothing else was happening. Tried holding down the power button, tapping the screen, plugging and unplugging the charger with various keys pressed. Nothing. Finally, I managed to stumble upon the correct button combo to reboot it. Oh, happy day! So what if I messed with it so long it made me late for work? I thought this was a one off thing. I hadn't downloaded any apps at that point or done anything unusual to or with my phone. (By the way, the instructions for rebooting the phone are no I the paper guides they give you with the phone. To get that information you'd have to go online to look up the user's guide at Motorola. ) At any rate, this has happened 3 more times in the last week. I plug it in to charge, pick it up to check the charge or to use it, and it's completely unresponsive. I looked in various online forums and see I am not alone. I am using the Motorola charger and following all the protocols for use and charging. There is nothing I am doing to cause the phone to need to be rebooted 4 times in 7 days. I will be taking the phone back and getting something else. It's unfortunate because I liked the size and features. I guess I'll have to suck it up and go for a galaxy something equally as huge.Dont be such pansies an dstop complaining about the display quality!!! The resolution is breathtakingly sweet and the speed and battery life, oh my!!!! This phone may be simple design however an ingenious idea to elongate it to make it comfortable in the hand! Already got JElly Bean!!!! You can ge the Maxx or HD but they are alot bigger and this one os made to fell comfortable and POWERUFLL!!!! I got the phone 4 days ago. Verizon rocks!I have no idea why everyone is saying this phone has no memory, I'm a teenager, heavy use every day, I have twitter, facbook, instagram, games, Pandora, all the good stuff, and I still have 2gb left... as long as you put a class 4 SD card in, you will be fine, because even though it doesn't allow you to switch apps to the SD card, you can still save music and videos on the SD card. Also, the phone has a very good user interface, pretty decent battery life, and a pretty good screen. Over all, amazing phone.If you live in the city then the phone is probably fine. We live out a little but no where near a dead zone. My old phone and other members of my family have no problem with reception. Since getting my Razr I can barely get a signal. The staff at our local Verizon store said it has to do with the antennae and there is nothing they can. I'm stuck with this phone until I can upgrade. The poor reception and dropped calls are very frustrating. I do not recommend this phone to anyone living in the country.So I want to go on the record on saying I am a BIG Fan on the Motorola M! The design, shape, and battery life are great. I have had the phone for about a week when my problems happened. I was mowing the lawn and dropped it in the grass. Now I know what your thinking. Did it hit something like a rock or something. No! When I dropped my phone a small chip on the upper right had corner, just below the camera popped out. Now really worried I took it over and had Ghost armor installed on the screen. All my touch screen products have it. So I thought I could stop it from going any further. With in mins of the armor being installed a crack across the screen had developed. Now I started looking into the problems with the screen and found its a common area to break on this phone. To replace this screen is about $200. I just paid for the phone out right and now I jumped to the S4. I am hoping they come out with a quad core like the S4. I will keep my fingers crossed.This phone arrived and my son used it for 6 days because the screen went black. Thankfully it was a Verizon phone and I had total coverage.Small and easy to handle but terrible battery life. 2 died while I was on a trip around the country. Refused to charge or turn on ever again.The droid RAZR m is such a user friendly phone. It has a large screen display and a fast processor. Its great for watching HD videos and surfing the web. This phone had everything you can ask for. in my opinion it blows any I phone out of the water. The best part is if you open a new Verizon account you get the phone for free. I have no complaints about this phone and it has an awesome battery life. I highly recommend this phone. AbsolI bought this a week ago. No matter where I am, I never have more than 1 bar for service, never have 4G connection and always tells me it cannot refresh and there is no data connection when I try to use email, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, even trying to use Google. I use email alot and it can take up to 2 hrs to send an email. Very frustrating! I returned it and they said could be bad Sim card or bad phone. Gave me brand new of both. Still same issues. Even when connected to wi-fi, these issues occur. 2 other phones on my plan are 4G and never have these issues, so it is not my cell plan. I am returning the 2nd one and probably going to switch to the IPhone. On a positive note, I did like size/weight of the Droid Razr M. Seemed easy to navigate, similar to the Droid 3 I was using, but seemed more user friendly.This is my first smart phone and with all my friends having I phones, at first I was a little shy. But then once I started using it, I found out its better. I've dropped it plenty of times, nothing, not a scratch. The cameras alright, but I mean its a phine . all smart phones drain fast so I wasn't suprized when it was at 15% at 3:00pn. Bit overall, its fast and pretty easy to use, and I really love this phone .Coming from a droid incredible I was waiting to see what the iphone 5 had to offer. Still thinking its behind other phones a little bit, I decided to research and liked what I saw and read about this phone. I too have no need for a larger screen and think this is perfect size. Its light and thin and has a nice color screen.I use a verizon 4G jetpack card for my internet at home. I live 5 miles in the country. The card pulls 4 bars of 4G consistantly. My macbook moves fast. This phone however maybe hits 1 bar in 4G and spends 90% of the time in 3G mode. Not cool. I have read on a few droid forums where a weak 4G signal is an issue with this phone. Im not sure if this can be fixed with an update or not. Needs addressed by motorola. Also still cant figure out how to get music from my SD card to my phone for ringtones. Was super simple with my incredible. Im sure theres and answer but I havent found it. I will play with it a few more days a give it a chance. Still a possibility I might return it before my 14 days is up. My first iphone possibly awaits.Received the phone faster than I expected. Changed out my sim card, plugged it in. Works perfect. Few little scratches but I payed for a used phone, not brand new. I didn't want to upgrade at Verizon. Rather have no contract. This was easy and will do it again!This phone does not have a 1.5gz processor. I have it and it gives you a total of 999mz of processing speed. It cannot be reserving speed for the os as you cannot completely clear the processor of about 400 mz of processing speed using any cpu app. I use clean master which is a great app. Never had problems with it.I sold my iPhone 5 to purchase this and then some..I must say this is fantastic phone. Upgraded to Jelly Bean and the OS is smooth on this phone. Its just as long as the iPhone 5, but much more exciting than the iPhone because of the Droid signature sounds when turn on. It is a must buy!read other reviews & google "droid razr m won't turn back on" before proceeding- this model has severe manufacturer's defects that cause it to die in less than a year, sometimes as little as 2 or 3 months. I've had to get mine replaced 3 times under warranty and finally decided to switch to Iphone.Do yourself a favor and never buy this phone. It lags unbelievably, so that you're waiting about 5 full seconds to even click the home screen. The camera is complete crap. I'm sure if I became more familiar with the phone I'd have more to complain about, but it froze on me 24 hours after activating it, and I can't get it to charge, turn off, or anything. I'm thinking about trying to unscrew the back of the phone to take the battery out just to turn the damn thing off. I wish I never wasted my time with this piece of garbage.Very nice phone. Just the right size and works well in all respects that matter to me (I really am not interested in making a major motion picture with this phone). My only disappointment is that I expected longer battery life based upon reviews I read before making my purchase decision.Battery is a little weak but still a good phone. I go through a few phones a year so this was a good purchase.Just had to buy a new phone as the used one I had last had to many issues. This one is lots better.It broke a week after we got itThis phone started off good but once you find out that Apps can only be stored on the internal 4GB storage you quickly realize this device is a huge mistake. Forget the 32GB SD card, it is very difficult to move photos, music, onto it and impossible to move apps. The 8GB internal storage is cut in half with bloatware. You will need to delete apps so you can add new ones, and you're stuck with crap like slacker radio, IMBD, and Verizon apps that are designed to eat data and increase your bill. I was very excited when I moved to my first 4G phone, but extremely frustrated and disappointed with it now. Verizon support will give you the wrong instructions and when you call back they suggest finding an app to move apps in Google play, but they won't recommend any specific app. And none of the apps (free or paid) will actually move apps to the SD card. Motorola support blames Verizon. And forget about using a secure e-mail client, the security certificate can not be placed on the SD card either. Maybe if this phone was rooted, it would be ok. I don't know, never tried that but unfortunately that might be the only option left unless Verizon recalls these "broken" devices. I had to drop this down to 1 star from 2, you will also need to download a volume app, as the volume button only controls 1 volume at a time, and you won't be able to tell which one. You can turn down the ringer, but the phone will not turn the notification to the same level, so you will be in an office and the ringer is on low and then a text or e-mail will come in at full volume, or you open a game and the game tone is still at full volume. Makes you wonder if they did any testing on Razr M. It's really a horribly inconvenient device.Only have had mine for little under 24 hrs now and its hands down the best phone I have boughtR u able to put a SD storage card in this phoneWhat is the IMEI number for this phone?after a few days of having it, the screen randomly stopped working after locking screenAre these prepay phones?Great Price...Great Product...THANK YOU!Does this phone work for straight talk? - Chassidyif I were gonna get a free phone on an upgrade I would take this a powerfull phone with great protection on the sides and on the carbon fiber backHad it for a couple years, worked okay, if you're an avid phone user, its not for you. This was my first smart phone, pretty tough, which Motorola phones usually are. But its junk compared to the droid turbo.internet decides not to work sometimes and i have to restart phone about three times until it decides to work. other then that great phone no problems.The phone is ok except it turns off unexpectedly and is very difficult to turn back on. We tried all the tricks in the droid forum to no avail. This is a phone with major issues...maybe it's because Motorola has been bought out by Google and Google is laying off many workers and the company is in disarray or maybe it's just poor engineering but if you are considering this phone Google- Droid Razr M won't turn on And read about the nightmares people are dealing with....iPhone here I come!I didn't like it simply because it would not pair to my old phone nor could I activate itGot a nice new Moto Razr M in November '12. By January Gmail and google apps stopped working. Verizon says it is software related and will not stand behind it. So now I am stuck with a phone that does not have my e-mail on it. Useless piece of crap, but nice paper weight. I will admit it started out good, but it has been all aggravation since. Funny how no one will stand behind the product. Very disappointed and will not buy another Moto phone again.This phone is great in so many ways. This is my 8th android phone (also have an iphone) and initially this Razr M was my favorite of all. Fast processor, snappy, never freezes, comfortably sized to hold... camera is not great, but that doesn't bother me. I was so pleased with it at first. I have a 16 gb micro-SD to increase it's capacity. After only 10 or so apps that I can't live without installed, I'm now out of space. And there is NO option to move apps to SD card. Apps MUST be housed in internal storage, which is actually much less than the advertised 8 GB (try 4 GB) after Verizon bloatware. I have now limited myself to the most essential apps... Google Maps, Alarm Clock Plus, Chase Bank, etc... This has become a junk phone. I can't do anything with it.This phone is suffering from all the same Android 4.x problems as the other razr phones. For starters, try to do the voice command text function from Android 4 to send a text message from your imported client list from your old phone. (Example: hit the mic icon in the upper right of the screen. Then say: "send message to John Smith - meet me for lunch") This is the function that Verizon brags about that you can do in the their video on this phone. The person at the Verizon store couldn't make it work. I promise you, I haven't found a Razr M running ICS that can do this yet! It will send you to a Google web search every time. It appears that ICS voice/search commands don't play well with Motorola's imported client list from your old phone. Verizon is in complete denial about this. When I called Verizon tech support and spoke to a level 2 tech, they told me just to take it back to the store and get something else! Some fix that is! Yeah, overall, it's a great phone. But, it won't perform as advertised if you are a seasoned smart phone user. The problem is ICS compatibility with the Motorola phone.The Razr M has very poor 4G reception, will often drop to 3G. I tried 3 of them. Many internet posts about this. Also, 4.3" screen is effectively 4" because Android buttons are now part of the screen.I hate this phone. Buying it was the worst decision I ever made. It's ridiculously complex just to make a simple phone call. It is not intuitive, and it's not easy to hold. Buy an iPhone instead!This phone comes w/ an appstore which you must use to find all the fundamental things you would expect from a smart phone. You have to add times, stopwatches, notepads, etc. The support from motorola is non-existent. If you want any support should anything fail, go w/ a customer focused company. HTC backed up their product, friends say Samsung does. There are much better alternatives- stay away from Moto.Bought this PHONE in Sep when it came out. Wanted the Hot Spot service and email on phone as I sail and when cruising want to keep up with friends. Within days started having trouble with Hot Spot. Thought it was ATT and kept taking it back to get it reset. Went to the store and then was sent to the service center. Finally after 5 visits they decided to replace the phone. Hot spot woulnt stay on and the phone go very very hot while charging. SECOND phone worked well for about two weeks then started the same problems. Hot spot wouldn't stay on then wouldn't come on at all. Took it back to the service center and they gave me the THIRD phone. It worked for about 4 hours then died. Dead. Was fully charged when I got it. Couldn't get it on and the service center couldn't get it to come on. So asked for a different phone. NOT THE ANDROID. They "wrote a case" and sent to ATT. Was to get a call in 3 days. NO call. When I called ATT they said "the case was closed because I didn't answer the call or text". I recieved no call or text. Then they told me that they would send me another of the same phone "reconditioned", in otherwords USED. NOTE in three months the phone has been out theyve got returns to recondition. So I'd say the phone SUCKS big time and the ATT service is just as bad. Will go to some other phone and some other service.This phone comes w/ an appstore which you must use to find all the fundamental things you would expect from a smart phone. You have to add times, stopwatches, notepads, etc. The support from motorola is non-existent. If you want any support should anything fail, go w/ a customer focused company. HTC backed up their product, friends say Samsung does. There are much better alternatives- stay away from Moto.This is my second of these phones. It survives the harshest owner. I do not fault the first one for giving up... dropped it down a flight of cement apartment stairs (which it survived) that cracked the outer case. Then it slipped out of my shirt pocket into a full tub when I went to kiss my kid on the head before going to work. Frankly... no complaint. Prior to the case cracking it survived a full submersion (had to dry out). The fact that I ordered a second says something.I upgraded to this from a Droid X2, and other than the raping Verizon put on my butt with their 4G data "plan" (PLAN to pay a h@ll of a lot more!!)I've been very pleased with the upgrade. At first I thought the phone seemed kind of flimsy compared to the X2, which was a tank. But now that I've had a chance to break this in, I must say it is a lot tougher than it looks thanks to the gorilla glass and Kevlar case. I use this in a lot of areas that are out in the sticks, and except when I am in the deepest, darkest jungles of South Carolina, I always have enough signal to get out a call or stream in some Pandora. The sound on this phone is head and shoulders better than the X2. It still suffers a touch from Motorola's penchant to overemphasize the high end. But at least it doesn't sound shrill and tinny like the X2 did. It is quite listenable even with flat equalization. A little tweaking can make it sound great on a good sound system. I'd suggest springing for a 32G micro SD card, you'll likely be loading up your library to this thing very quickly. When I did mine, I found that the micro USB connection was pretty fast with my Class 10 card, which was a pleasant surprise. I filled the card up in no time. A highlight is the fine display on this phone. It's not quite full HD, but streaming Netflix programs I couldn't really notice the difference. One caveat I found about this phone is the lack of an HDMI port. But then in the years I had the X2 I think maybe I used it twice, so I can't even justify taking a half star off for that. Colors are very vibrant under normal lighting conditions. It is tough to see the display in very strong sunlight, though. Not really irritating enough to dock a star, but it can be troublesome if you are trying to navigate somewhere with the GPS. And so far the GPS has been flawless. I can't say the same about previous Motorola products I've owned, where the chip had a nasty tendency to cook itself to death. The main camera on the phone is pretty decent and will do a fine job for day to day picture taking. If you are some kind of artiste, you might find some minor faults in the color representation, but I hardly think the average joe like me is going to notice anyway. Haven't played with the front facing camera yet, so can't comment there. The phone did not come with Android 4.1 (it came with 4.0) but as soon as I activated it, 4.1 was immediately downloaded without a hitch. I was pleasantly surprised that a lot of older apps still run without a hitch, although one of my favorites was squashed by Google, not Android itself. Another issue, but not worth docking the phone, is the huge assortment of Bloatware Motorola and Google insist on sticking in this thing. I wouldn't mind so much, except that you can't uninstall this crap without rooting the phone. Totally uncalled for. So other than minor quibbles, I have to say that I have been pleased with the performance of the phone itself. If we only could get someone to do something about the avaricious nature of the Verizon data plans, so I can tap the full capacity of the 4G experience.The only thing better than getting the latest, shiniest new phone is getting last year's latest, shiniest new phone for a penny. I'm an old fart who built his first working computer with 256K of RAM and two 5 1/4-inch floppy drives, and still had to spend more money for a terminal that only displayed numbers and letters. Packing 125,000 times that much solid-state memory and a razor-sharp, brilliant color screen feels pretty good. So does not having to worry about missing a call because my tunes are too loud, since the call comes in through my earbuds. And it does all those other thing smartphones do. Google Maps with voice navigation, face-recognition log-in, all that juicy Android 4.1 stuff. The camera's not top-of-the line, as some reviews have mentioned, but I still carry a real camera.Received a New phone from Worldwide Cellular w/Amazon Fulfillment. Phone arrived in the original Verizon box (unopened) with original stickies on the phone, and everything was there - A/C charger w/power cord, instructions, and SIM tool. Phone is programmed with (exactly what I wanted) Android 4.1.2 Jellybean, System 98.16.3, Build 9.8.1Q-78-1, Kernel version and Build date 29 May 2013, and newer radio with baseband # ending in 78P. It should be easily rootable and bootloader-unlockable (all of those details are for techies who might read this review). This phone is locked to Verizon (as the item's title states); does not come with a SIM. You need a SIM to complete the basic phone setup. The Verizon store wouldn't give me one to just take home and insert later (I'm not activating this phone now, gonna wait a few days) so I had to swap the microSIM out of my HTC (I have a spare phone with SIM to use in the meantime). When you power up this phone with a SIM inserted, it will enable Mobile Data. So if what you're looking for is a ready-to-use RAZR M (minus a free Verizon SIM) this is what you want. And if you're a root-aholic, this is what you want.Hashtag Rocks!!! Even after all of the hell i gave them they remained helpful and strong. I received a defective phone and was pretty harsh because i needed it for work. TRUST ME........ They won't let you down. Quick responses to emails and product insight. Hashtag even contacted my carrier to inquire of the possible issues. Then immediately offered me other avenues to fix the issue.This has been the best used phone I have purchased to date. It works better than I had hoped for. It's quick and responsive even at low battery life. I can charge it every two days and be good. That's saying something since I stream Pandora nearly everyday and keep my Steam running non-stop. I will surely be getting one of these for my wife ASAP.This has been a welcome upgrade! I was looking at going to Apple for my next phone because I had such a lousy experience with my Droid 3. But the Razr M makes that old 3G Droid 3 look like a Commodore 64 on dial up. This phone has been flawless since I upgraded this spring. It's fast, smooth operating, and has a beautiful screen. No complaints and I am solidly a droid faithful again.All my complaints have to do with the actual model of the phone. I rec'd it quickly and for a great price. It was in amazing, like-new condition. As with the other RAZR M that I used to own, after a few months it becomes insanely slow and close to useless.The phone was pretty beat up when I got it. The seller was helpful and offered to take some money off. It works and does what I need it to. For the money I would recommend this product.GreatLet me start by saying...." This is the Mother of all reviews ".... A must Read!! and we are not kidding!! The listing was an unbelievable deal...( A: used Motorola Droid RAZR M , Black 8GB......Look it up (New it's over $600.00) That's more than my 1st car cost/sadly that's not a joke. Ok now that we have dispensed with the pleasantries we want you to know the science fiction; "this doesn't happen to me ever" type of deal we got on this phone. It made Albert Einstein/Isaac Asimov/Gene Roddenberry/and Rod Serling collectively say............WTF? No Way!!...To which we say Bite me..............!! and;Yes Way!! Not in a cartoon ,not in a movie, no CGI or bed time stories...in real freakin life!! we saved over 90% Let me say that again so your eyes don't have to roll back to make sure you read that right....Over...(emphasis on the word over) over 90% and when we say over 90% we mean way over....you do the math on a $600.00 phone (Brand new) we paid less than $100.00 (way less) . How much would you pay for a used phone of this class? .....................Whats is the condition of the phone? We are glad you asked! (We estimate that we have lost about 30% of the people that began to read this review; noticed how deep it is and just said "Hell no!! this is way to long," That's fine we expect as much...........if you are still with us consider yourself amongst the top 70% still interested and I promise...we do have a point to all this....So.we moved on. When we received the package we were "as anyone would be" extremely skeptical about its condition.As it only had a general description as if to say (Normal wear and tear/no major-some minor scratches/ to a 7 out of 10 rating) still a slightly ambiguous description. That feeling was instantly replaced by utter joy and astonishment....10 seconds after we opened the package.{The lights in the room dimmed as the phone began to glow we picked it up and powered it. as the Motorola red lightning bolt scrolled across the screen we heard in deep computer sexy voice ;as the phone said " Drooooid".I got week in the knees and had to have a cigarette!...The phone looked (Brand New). a couple of scuffs on the body at the corner of the phone; but no cracks on the screen.... not even a scratch.It came fully loaded with apps and the processor makes it lightning fast in reaction time with no lags in any mode. ************************************************DEVICE NOT YET ACTIVATED********************************************************************** Activation: We have not yet activated this device as we just received it...we are signed with ROK Mobile on a month to month no contract service. Rok Mobile says with this plan they offer Unlimited Talk Text and Data and have an exclusive feature that allows the customer to access 20 Million tracks of music at no extra cost or added fees. This phone will be tested like never before.......... .it's not going to be used by Maw and Paw Smithers to call and text 200 yards away at the local country store and that's it. No sir we will push this bad boy down the side of a mountain like it's being chased by a fire demon trying to catch and consume it.We run apps for financial institutions,GPS maps and tracking pings for industrial navigation companies. We run weather alerts through interactive radar sites,we have a customer email data base for over 400 companies worldwide. In leisure we run multiple sports and fantasy sports apps in addition to our everyday texting and phone calls and personal use this phone will be pushed to hell and back. This may be more than it can handle..............................but hey, if you say your the best ;we say........................."oh Yeah Prove it" We know this review rambled on and on but the entire purchase value is based on price,condition,compatibility,and performance. As this device has yet to be activated we do not have an evaluation on its performance. As a rating of Price, condition,and compatibility we could not be happier. 110% approval rating....or 5 stars or 4 thumbs up or however you want to say it. Extremely pleased.Pros: - nice to have three "buttons" at the bottom (left is BACK, middle is HOME, right pulls up my open apps). - great speaker quality - slim and fits in my back pocket, even with a "wallet" cover on (and I am a woman, which means my pockets already run small anyway) - runner volume can be nice and loud - reminds me of my Samsung Galaxy s3 on a smaller scale - has survived three drops on cement, with one being the face of the screen to make contact first Con's: takes FOREVER to take a picture. As a mom on the go, my phone is my picture taking device. But, it's very hard to capture fleeting moments with this phone because of the 3 or so second delay. My toddler gets super impatient saying chheeeeeeeeese for as long as it takes my phone to process the picture, and I'd say I have way more blurry pictures than clear ones. That's what I miss about my poor broken s3. Overall: Is bridging the gap between when my S3 broke, when I am up for an upgrade through Verizon. This is a mediocre phone to get me through a few months of waiting for a new one. As a phone, it's great. As a picture taking device, absolutely not my first choice.This phone, when equipped with Android 4.4 kitkat, is the best of its age. Unfortunately, the device ships with 4.2, and you must engage in some hijinks to help it realize its full potential.Took to Verizon where I was told they do not have any sim cards that fit this phone. I went to another verizon and was told the same thing. Very disappointingBought this for my 12 year old daughter for her birthday. Phone works great and is perfect for a lower to mid range smartphoneLove it. Works great and I am very happy.superI got this phone for my daughter to replace her Droid X and she absolutely love this phone. Its fast and responsive but the only flaw is the camera isn't the best quality. Other than that small complaint its a great phoneit's one of my favorite phones and I received it the next day, I just wish it had the updates my broken one has :( however it came with only a few scratches and is working like new. :)Not compatible to Verizon monthly plan. Beware!!Works like a used phone. A little slow but does what I need it to until I get a new phone.Crappy phone..should have paid more attention BEFOREHAND..My Bad..I bought this phone for my 17 year old son. It is nice like my husbands regular sized droid razr, but a bit smaller. My son likes the smaller phone. It has a great look to it and the screen looks really nice.ordered for my son. He states it works great.You have to program the internet manually. gets frozen with black screen once and a while and it says unknown sim card.I purchased this for my younger brother (13) as the second line on my Verizon account. The previous phone was also a Razor, and had stopped receiving data then stopped turning on and despite my insurance and warrenty coverage I was told I'd have to pay 100+ to fix it, Instead, I purchased this. It activated with minimal effort, came with a charge cord and wall dock, and was received both in a timely manner and in good condition. No extra fills or additions in the box, but it was just as shown and functional. Note to potential buyer: It was not pre-charged. You will need to charge it, but the phone is quick to charge so it wont take you long.Bought it for development purposes(so using it without a sim card). No issues with respect to wifi, bluetooth, usb. The OS was a bit old(4.1.2) but I was able to easily upgrade to kitkat without issue. Not a 5-star phone but also not a 5-star price. The phone is as advertised.I was a crackberry head for the longest and really didn't want to upgrade but the price was right. $0.01 plus I was due for an upgrade and couldn't resist. I enjoy my phone very much!Horrible phone!! Not happy at all! Phone has problems and doesn't work as it should! Phone acts like it's possessed and touch seen doesn't work right!!! Would like a refund!Great replacement for the original Motorola phone that just stopped working...better than paying Verizon 4 times the cost of this one...Thanks!Disappointed. After only 2 weeks of using this phone, having problems with volume controls. Could not get any assistance from seller.I have mubsd card in and it shows that I have it in but I can't mive anything to it. I do not have even a grayed out button saying move to sd cardnice love it and also get on time satisfied with the service wonderfull 5 starsI bought this for my son and he's had it for about 3 weeks now it gets very good reception and clear sound.A durable beast.awesome phone, bought a second phone too for my girlfriend, again sweet phone, couldn't be happier :)Battery doesn't hold a charge well. I did buy a refurbished one. The apps are slow and I have to restart the phone to get photo messages.Good product, reasonable price, good services.The phone is just what it was advertised as. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the 12v dc USB adapter shown was not included and it took 2 1/2 days for the seller to ship after upgrading to 2 day shipping.Phone is working fine. Verizon store installed the required SIM card.Great seller, highly recommended.I wasn't able to activate the phone at the Verizon store. Sketchy.Did not want HD and don't think it's necessary. Does what it says. The phone is fast & reliable and going from a 3G Droid X2, which was a nice phone, to the 4G LTE is awesome. All day on a single charge. Highly recommend this phone. Can't go wrong with Motorola.As advertised.Great phone at great price!.. Working in Venezuela with H+, i need to check my data plan with Movistar... Only thing annoying is the usb port,which is on the left side, i would rather have it on top or bottom.GoodGood phone, better then the iPhone 5C I had !Came Fast ! Looks Great!the phone works great no issues. the only downside is its not as easy to use as my last one due to the smaller screen.the phone is very good . like itneed something like thisexellent10 months and its toast. I wonder if Mfg warranty is a yr. ?Bought from Bluetooth shop. It said was brand new. The phone cost 123.00. Got the phone without manual in a box that said mobile phone. Looks practically brand new but has very small blemish. I'm keeping because I'm afraid this probably isn't the only company to do this. I would like to keep and get partial refund, but I know that's probably impossible. Phone doesn't allow to store things on SD card. Other than that, nice little phone.works wellexcellentnicegood phoneI guess I got what I paid for. I owned a lower end Motorola DROID RAZR (not M). I'm surprised by the differences. I didn't think my previous phone could get more lower end. The biggest issue is volume of the vibration and ringtone. Way way to low. Also the software is pretty different from the other DROID RAZR. Basically buy any phone but this one. I'm a believer in the idea that your phone doesn't matter and that's why I bought this one. I'm still a believer in that but this phone is an exception. If you can't hear your calls what good is a phone.worked wellUna disparate no servia el movilGot the phone as a spare and when It came time to using it I got a SIM card and tried to active it. Verizon said it must be a bad SIM card and sent me another one. After that one didn't work they said the phone was probably rooted and wouldn't work. Three Verizon stores later I kept getting told the same thing and finally had to buy a new phone from there. So now I'm stuck with a brick that lights up and tells me it needs a SIM card.Item worked just liked described and in perfect condition. I recommend this product.Very goodgive them a big old 10 on this , got it fast and love the phones.Phone is great quality, easy to use and keeps a charged battery for a long timeJust as describedLove it for an older phoneFast shipping and great phone. Have not had any problems.niceThey seem to be working fine.3 months old won't charge any more. crap phone.had scuff marks, speakers went out in less that 2 weeks ... buyer beware.It's okexcelletNo does not work at all still can't download apps or nothingExcellent produc because the relation price-performanceGood cheap phoneI loved itGreat phone. Totally worth the money if you still have unlimitedArrived on time and in good condition. Also a reliable, nifty phone.excelentperfect gift love itSo far, so good.Excelente!So far phone works greatThis phone does everything you could want it to.Fast delivery and as advertised!!Not badQuick delivery and great phone!Great phoneamazingI hate this phone so much I am going to cut my losses and throw it in a drawer and buy a real phone. It has awful everything...you name it, it sucks. Camera: sucks. Sound: sucks Keyboard: sucks.When this phone first came out, I'm sure it'd be worth more stars. But as it functions with today's technology, it's lacking. It lags a lot between closing and opening apps. It hardly holds any pictures before you have to upgrade to an SD card. It really only serves as a back up phone in case of a break at this point. It is functional though, and you can easily survive with it.This phone was slow and glitchy. I was pissed when I started using it, I'd had the same one before and missed it, so I ordered this one and was very disappointedDelivered quickly, had no issues activating, and great condition. Pretty sweet deal for the price.Excellent replacement for the same model phone which died on me after 2 years of use. The price is right, too! This phone is never going to be a mad powerhouse that plays all the latest games or anything like that, but if all you care about is having a good reliable phone, this one is nice.Paid for faster shipping when we got it the phone doesn't work! Waste of money now we have to order another phone.Not what it said to do.... The ringer was not high enough and after you charged phone it did not last muchBattery life stinksVery difficult to hear through earpiece. For optimal hearing need to use speaker phone or Bluetooth.very nice motorola cell phoneThe phone is great but it was said to be unlocked and it is not!!Neither of these fit my phone..Absolutely love this phoneThis thing never worked right from day 1!I got the phone and it will not work with my sim card or any other sim card. I now own a phone that is completely useless!!!Love the phone but wish the battery went more than one day. I shut down things to save on it but still short term.Sim card an SD card tray don't work!Phone sold without SD card. Useless!When I got this phone in, it was slow and wouldn't run apps. I am disappointed that I spent the money on this.Not the happiest Droid owner. The sound quality is not as good as the Droid X. Picture quality is great. Function is still a mystery and directions not too clear. Guess that is what you get for .01 cent.I purchased one of these last Friday and have had a few days to get a feel for it. I love it. It is not a monstrosity of a phone that you almost need a laptop case to carry but still has all the bells and whistles of some of the bigger phones. I really like the fact the phone is smaller but still has a nice size screen and the phone seems solid in my hands but light. I even dropped it on the cement once already, by accident, without any type of case, and I couldn't even see where it hit the cement. The battery life so far has been good. It doesn't hold a charge like the RAZR MAXX but it will keep a charge all day if you aren't watching videos with it. I took it out for a run with me on Saturday morning, a long 2 hour run, and it was running a gps tracking app as well as playing music for two hours straight and it barely put a dent in the battery. Never had to put it on the charger to get through the day. As far as pictures, in my opinion, if you want perfection then go buy a camera. This is a smart phone.In one sentence, all I can say about this phone is that its the best cheap smartphone hands down. PROS: - Great battery life. You should have at least 50% on normal usage after one day. - 4G LTE - Small form factor, with a big screen - High quality build. The kevlar is great, and the metal siding is also very strong. There is plastic, glossy material on the camera area, but surprisingly after a month, there isn't even a scratch (no case on it too!). - Micro SD Card adds up to 32GB storage - Decent screen. Not HD like the other Razrs, but the vibrancy of the color balances out the slight pixelation you see. - Quick settings menu. A great addition to the standard Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4 - Will be upgraded to Jelly Bean 4.2 in less than 2 months. Promised by Google to be upgraded before the year ends. - Speaker is pretty good - Circles widget. Probably my favorite widget all time, and only the new Motorola phones have it - Great home screen. You start with only one page instead of five, which I find much better. I only have two pages on mine. - Google Now coming soon - Fast Snapdragon S4 processor. Same one as the Samsung Galaxy S III's - It's a phone that actually looks different than all the others. I don't know of any other phone that looks like this. - Big screen at 4.3". Not a huge screen, but its better than the iPhone 5's 4". - On screen buttons. I found the hardware buttons frustrating since I would hit them by accident. Glad they moved away from them! And these on screen buttons disappear while watching videos/movies. - Great call quality - Smart Actions CONS: - Occasional lag, but it doesn't get in the way of what you're doing - Once in awhile the data won't come on in low connection areas, while they do on other phones - Camera isn't great. In the dark, the pictures come out weird. My original Razr took better pictures than my Razr M. Overall, its a great phone and I would highly recommend to anyone that doesn't want to spend $200-$300 on a phone!I upgraded from a Samsung Captivate (Galaxy S) to the Droid Razr M after looking at all possible carriers options in the market. The reasons I chose Verizon over AT&T (my previous carrier) * Better signal coverage in my area * New 4G LTE Verizon phones are Global, meaning they can be unlocked and used in other countries using a SIM card. The reasons I chose the Droid Razr M over other phones: * 1.5 GHz Dual processor: Not many phones in the sub-4.5-inch class have a fast or dual processor * 4.3" screen size: To be fair, I got this phone hoping to push it to my wife once the 4.7" inch Droid RAZR HD comes along. After having used this phone with a Commuter Ottercase, I feel that a 4.7-incher may be too bulky and hard to use with one hand. I may be keeping this one, missus! * Android ICS - Not tied to iTunes or an Apple ecosystem. Much prefer Google's tie-in services since I've been drinking the Google kool-aid for a while. Now, the thing that has impressed me the most despite my initial reservations - the battery. I was concerned about the non-removable battery since I had to do several battery pulls on my old Samsung when the software stalled. So far (2 weeks), my Android ICS experience has been error-free. The battery life has been AMAZING. I have full 4G data on and Wi-fi enabled for home in the evening, and I'm only at 70% by 10pm! On my old Samsung, I would be at 25%. Other pluses: A decent camera (coming from a DSLR user), Smart actions, Bubble Widget. Pros: * Astounding Battery life * Fast and smooth interface - but a bit confusing, coming from Froyo. More on that below. I personally like that ICS is more consistent when it comes to user-experience between mail and other apps * Mail Notification LED - I love this feature, being a past blackberry user * Great GPS, WiFi and voice call quality Cons: * Heat - When I had GPS, 4G and charging all together, the phone got toasty * Vibrate and Ringtones - Even though the Razr M has some futuristic ringtones, it does not have some standard ones that can be used. Vibrate action seems to be less vibratey * Interface - The ICS interface is radically different from Froyo. My wife had difficulty navigating the new Google Maps whereas she was fairly comfortable with the previous version on Froyo. This is not a phone for total smartphone novices. This phone could be a good-guy doppelganger for the iPhone 5 - similar dimensions, but start using it and you're bound to notice its droidy cyborg vibe. Overall, I'm very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great deal ($50 with a new contract).I've become a Motorola fan by accident. My first Android phone was a Motorola Droid (original, with slide-out keyboard), then a Droid X, then a Droid X2. It was time for an upgrade and I was all but convinced that I wanted a Galaxy S3. Motorola had been great, but I'm sure the GS3 is a great phone too. But when I went to look at them in person, I discovered just how huge the GS3 is. I'm a guy who likes to carry his phone in a front pants pocket most of the time. There were times when the Droid X2 felt huge in my pocket, so I was worried about having something even larger, but wanted the performance and quality. What's a guy to do? The guy at the kiosk (in Costco) asked if I had heard of the Droid Razr M. "No," says I, "what's that?" The rest is history. A phone with the same size and quality screen as my Droid X2 that is overall somehow smaller in every dimension, lighter, and has way more battery life? Sold. I purchased it late December 2012. Though I wanted black, only white was available so I got that. It has grown on me. The finish is actually a little opalescent and appears to be durable. I never use a case and two months in there are no signs of wear. People have said the back is ugly/busy but my phone isn't a fashion statement. Functionally of that grippy Kevlar back is awesome and it feels great in my hand. Another reviewer here made a good observation--there's a point at which a phone is simply too big to be a one-hander. If you don't want to use both hands, the RAZR M is perfectly sized and easy to hold onto. It is the best Motorola phone I've had. That's partly due to the awesomeness of Android Jelly Bean, which really feels like what the OS has always aspired to be. But battery life is quite good, build quality excellent, no issues with call quality or reception, wifi is reliable, and I think I only shut down the phone once in the first two months I owned it. Prior Android phones required occasional reboots to keep them happy. PROS - All that stuff above. I repeat: smaller, lighter, faster, significantly longer battery life, Jelly Bean. Plus expandable memory via micro-SD. Camera is quick to start and takes decent photos. NFC, although I haven't used it yet. Front-facing camera. Less bloatware than most Verizon phones. And it is "splash resistant" too - having lost my beloved first Droid in a tragic accident involving a really small water exposure (wet hands) I appreciate this phone being a little tighter in that regard. CONS - Some have said that the inability to move apps to memory card is an issue. I didn't know about that until I read reviews here AFTER I purchased. For me, this has not been an issue. I have a fair number of apps and still plenty of room. Do your research though. No HDMI out, if that matters. I had that on my Droid X and X2 and used it about three times. I don't miss it. Some have said screen resolution is inferior on this phone. The screen quality is very good, but resolution isn't as good as the GS3 or an iPhone. I only think this would really be an issue if you were going *down* from something better (unlikely) or you frequently use another phone with better resolution. That said, the Costco kiosk guy has two personal phones, this one and a GS3, and he said he doesn't notice it much. But if you want the very best possible screen to compete with iPhone, take a close look before choosing this model. Not a con per se, but the battery cannot be removed or accessed. I've had no reason to do that yet so hopefully it's not a concern, but I wanted to mention it. My wife is due for an upgrade and she wants a Razr M too after seeing mine. I'd recommend this phone as a candidate for anyone looking for an Android, or an iPhone for that matter.Coming from another Smartphone that was very buggy, I just wanted a solid performer. Something reliable that works. I've had the RAZR M for a little over a month now and couldn't be more pleased. All the major functions work without a hitch, the phone stays on (yeah, well, the old one didn't), the telephony seems to be great, and the service through Verizon is much better than what I had with ATT. GPS locks very quickly, even indoors. Snappy processor... without drama (no overheating, shutdowns, etc) Very good battery life... go about two days with bluetooth, wifi and GPS on and about 2 hours air time Apps run smoothly Voice quality very good with handheld or speaker phone and folk on the other end like it too Reception/coverage area very good Android 4.0 implementation is excellent Build/feel/hardware is great (solid, smooth and minimal but not too slick, great size Screen is great 4G is lightning fast (equivalent to cable modem at home), and 3G is pretty good too. If there are any areas that this phone is not as good as it's predecessor that would be in the camera and the voice recognition. Both of these functions work, and I would not call them flawed, but they are the two areas where I don't see marked improvement over my 2 year old now retired dinosaur. The camera seems to lack an anti-shake feature, and produces images that are noticeably inferior to my other phone. On the other hand, I am a photo guy, and it is likely that for most folk the differences are immaterial. It does have the dual camera feature, though I haven't tried it yet myself, and video is reasonable for a phone. The camera software is much improved and very intuitive. I have read that you can buy a camera app that improves the performance and may look into that. The voice recognition works, but for some reason I seem to have speak louder than my normal speaking voice. I don't think this is hardware, because for phone calls on speaker phone people hear me fine. Probably something in the Android version/implementation. All in all, I would have to say the RAZR M fires on all cylinders right out of the box, and is a joy to own. Very impressed with it.Traded my iPhone 4 for this even though I am an avid Apple fan. I didn't feel the iPhone 5 upgraded enough to warrant its price tag. Though reluctant at first after a week of using the Droid M I can say with 100% confidence that I made the right decision. Admittedly the phone does come with some annoyances, (ie. the insane amount of bloatware) but it does not effect performance in any capacity. This phone is lightning fast and I have had no problems with the 4G LTE signal and I live in a somewhat rural area. Internet is a vast upgrade from 3G and found its default browser (Google Chrome) to be a bit smoother and more reliable than iOS Safari. As with any android device transferring your music/pictures/movies to the device is seamless and without question easier than iPhone but that is not a surprise to anyone who's familiar with both devices. The Google Play store is easy to find apps/music/videos and really no different (other than more quantity) than apples itunes store. The camera is the only downside to me. Even though apple only had a 5mp camera in the iPhone 4 it took stunning pictures and it was hard for me to give that up. The Droid RAZR M has an 8mp camera but does not take pictures anywhere near the quality my iPhone did. Even though it has a really bright flash it still seems to struggle with depth and detail in low light situations. Phone is sleek, stylish, and very well constructed with strong wear resistant materials such as Gorilla Glass screen, Kevlar backing, and water resistant coating to both the body and electronics inside the phone. You can't dunk it in water but talking on it while in a rain storm will not hurt this device. Google maps and navigation is without question better and easier to use than Apples poor excuse for navigation. When it comes to music/video playback the Droid seemed to have a better picture and much brighter even though it has less resolution then its counterpart. In call sound quality is better on the iPhone but the external speaker/speaker phone is better on the Droid RAZR M. If you're currently an iOS user and are thinking about making the jump to android, don't hesitate. This device is much better and you will not regret it.Let me start off by saying I was a Sprint customer for 3 years, during that time, their service went from great to serviceable to downright crappy. I had initially wanted to ditch Sprint the moment I found out I was screwed over for even a partial upgrade last year, I was PO-ed when I found out they switched their upgrade cycle once again to a straight-up 20 months and did nothing to rectify the situation. Originally wanting to go with T-Mobile, I instead opted to get on Verizon since my uncle had a line available. I waited until my contract with Sprint was up, which was literally about 13 days ago, before I took the plunge. I also had my eye on the Galaxy S3 too, but I was so desperate to get off of Sprint that I did look at alternative phones. Imagine my pleasant surprise when I came across the Droid RAZR, and then the RAZR M shortly afterward. Originally I was thinking of getting the RAZR, but imagine my double surprise when I found out I could get 135 bucks on my trade-in towards the RAZR M by trading in my HTC EVO 4G, a phone I reviewed on here a while back. My uncle okayed the transfer, and I was good to go. I am happy to say that the difference between Sprint and Verizon is night and day! I don't worry about dropped calls anymore at my house, since I no longer have to struggle to get a signal, I usually get two to three solid bars. With Sprint I was lucky to get one bar, and it was on "digital roaming", three bars came and went too. 4G LTE on Verizon is readily available and is as quick as greased lightning, to say Sprint is lagging in this area would be an understatement. Also, if I use WiFi at a hotspot like Dunkin' Donuts or McDonald's or in my house, I can disable Mobile Data effectively eliminating the prospect of going over the allotted data plan and the like, and still do the things I like doing on this badboy such as searching on the 'net, Facebook, etc. Also, while people criticize the cheap feel of the bezel of the phone because of the visible screws on the sides, honestly, I don't pay attention to the screws at all. I am more impressed with the fact that the bezel is almost non-existent, and I find the phone to be sleak, sexy, and feather light. It almost feels non-existant in my pocket at times because it's so light. And yet it sports a 4.3" Super AMOLED qHD Display, and I feel personally it's screen is so much better than the EVO 4G I had before. Yes, I know it's not as good as the screen on say the Galaxy S3, but to me it is a massive step up from what I had before. The battery life on the thing is superb. Had it off it's charger for a solid 12 or so hours one day, and with heavy use, the thing was still holding strong at 35%. With the EVO 4G I was lucky to get half that. I was told by the salesperson that the RAZR M sported a dual-core 1.2 GHz processor, but did more research and found out it uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 chip, the exact same chip employed by the Galaxy S3. I was wondering why games were so ridiculously smooth, playing Angry Birds on this thing when compared to the EVO? Again, night and day. Smooth like butter, not a trace of slowdown. Yes, it doesn't have 2 Gigs of RAM like the S3, but for what it has, it does a wonderful job. Android Ice Cream Sandwich is also strikingly easy to use once you get down to the nitty gritty of it. I love the fact that the BLUR interface Motorola once employed in earlier smart phones is just about gone. The interface is pretty much stock Android, and unlike with earlier versions, it looks damn good and is easy to access. It took me a bit to get used to having virtual buttons at the bottom of the phone as opposed to physical buttons, and I'm still learning some of the ins and outs of this badboy, but all in all I am extremely satisfied with this phone. It might not be the Galaxy S3, which let's face it, as of this writing is the king of smartphones in terms of features. But what it is, is a rock-solid alternative for those whom want a great smartphone with tons of features on a budget. Update 10/13/12: I actually found out what a tough little phone this thing really is, during a rainy day, I was cooking burgers on the grill and went outside to go check on them, I ended up slipping and falling on the ramp we designed for my grandmother two times, the second time I hit my back pretty hard. I had my phone with me, and it fell out of my pocket. The thing was completely in tact, not a scratch, ding, dent or anything, and it still works as good as ever. Update 01/07/13: A few months ago, I had this phone updated to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, while it hiccups here and there, all in all it still holds up remarkably well. I recall it was at the 5 month cycle that I had started having problems with the HTC EVO 4G when I was with Sprint. So far, no problems here at all. It's still as tough as frigging nails, I had dropped it accidentally a second time, and still no damage to the phone at all. Battery still holds up very well too, still getting anywhere from 8 - 16 hours on a charge depending on the usage. I'm quite satisfied, hopefully this badboy will last me until September of 2014 when I am eligible for an upgrade. Update 03/28/13: Sadly my uncle could not afford the upkeep of the Verizon account even with my contribution, ergo I no longer have this phone. Needless to say I am back with Sprint thanks to this. However, with the trade-in credit from the RAZR M, I was able to get one of the best phones on the market which I will be reviewing. The LG Optimus G.I have to say that this little guy packs quite a punch. I had an LG Lucid before this phone...six of them!!! That phone was terrible and showcased the worst of android software and hardware. I had software issues, charger port issues, wrong number issues, and screen problems that took their own toll. Bottom line: that was my first LG product and my last one PERIOD. I'm sorry for that rant. That was just a horrible experience. Onto this phone. At first, I thought I was going to get the Galaxy Nexus, but they upgraded me to this phone because they were out of stock on the Nexus. This phone feels really nice in my hand. While I'd want something high-end like a Note II, this phone made me realize how smaller devices are still very necessary for many users. Not only that, but this phone feels tough. I mean REALLY tough. I dropped this thing, caseless in a restroom and it didn't even get a dent or chip. The screen, is really strong as well. I guess Gorilla Glass 2 makes a huge difference. The colors are nice and vibrant, though unrealistically a bit over saturated, but doesn't look bad by any means. The resolution may not be as high as people hope for, but this is the highest I had on a phone so far. Just remember, this is a budget phone. In terms of hardware, like I said this thing is solid. With this thing being water resistant (not waterproof), made out of aircraft Aluminum and Kevlar backing, and Gorilla Glass 2, you get incredible value for what you pay for. The camera is also nice. Nothing to write home about though. It can be hard to focus and the lighting Is a little hard. I don't know, maybe I need to play with the settings more, and perhaps even experiment with camera apps on Google Play. At least it takes pics pretty fast. For the internal hardware, you get a gig of ram, with the same 1.5 dual-core processor found on the Galaxy SIII. Pretty darn good for a midrange phone if you ask me. One thing that people may not be too thrilled about (and believe me, I'm not either) is that while you get 8GB of storage, you only have 3.5 to 4GB to the user. I sort of half expected this, considering this is a budget phone. However, I have a bunch of apps installed and still have 1.5 free so I can't complain too much. I'm not blaming the OS for the amount of storage it takes, but rather the amount of bloatware apps Verizon insists on having and cannot even remove. They really can't even take a hint that we don't want a lot of these apps. I don't mind the Amazon apps because I love Amazon, I like Kindle, and who wouldn't want a free app a day on their Appstore. I really could care less about the Audible app (but I might get into it someday), but what I don't want is the NFL, Zappos, and the annoying VZ Navigator, all of which you can't even uninstall. You can just disable them so they don't show, but then it just becomes dead space. Like it was to begin with. I do like the office suite you get on it though. You can install a 32 GB micro SD card for your music, pictures, videos, and whatever else you need on there, though I have heard of people going up to 64 GB, depending on the class. I have a 16 GB installed, but will probably get a 32 or 64. If my Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet says it can go up to 32, but it can actually accept 64, then I might look into it for this phone. Also, the battery life is fantastic. I'm a fairly heavy phone user with apps like youtube and Google Chrome, but it has gotten me through the morning to late evening, and even to the nexy day. Performance wise, this phone runs like a dream. I'm not a hard core gamer on my phone, but I've seen Dead Trigger running great on a YouTube review. I play a few games like Words With Friends, the Tetris games from EA, maybe some other casual and retro platformers, and emulators. They all work very well on this phone. Software wise, it is running Android 4.1 Jelly Bean with MotoBlur on top. You'd think that Motorola's skin would be intrusive, but it really isn't all that bad. In fact, of all the custom skins put out by Samsung and HTC, this actually looks really close to stock, and to a lot of users, that is welcoming. I guess since Google acquired Motorola, they only let their costum UI only enhance stock Android. I like the Smartactions, but in all honesty, this is all stuff that you can do manually. Moreover, Google Now is on here, which is like iOS's Suri, but in a class of its own. I don't think you'll be to disappointed in the accuracy of the voice recognition. After all, this company has been building on this foundation for years since before Suri was even born. I do like the circles widget. It's very handy, but I wish it was more transparent so it doesn't block so much of my wallpaper. Call quality is good on this phone. The people I talked to sounded clear, but they said I sounded a bit fuzzy. The speaker is pretty good too, even for music and videos. When I connect my Skullcanfd headphones and earbuds, the sound was terrific. Here are some apps that I recommend for this phone specifically: Light Flow - good for customizing this phone' s notification LED for specific apps like Facebook as this phone has multiple color lights supported, but can't be found in the phone settings. There's a lite and paid version. Notification Light Widget - if your notification LED isn't on by default, you will need this. And it is actually made by Motorola. Rather than pushing an update to edit notification lights in the phone settings, they just made this widget instead. Notification Toggles - one thing I missed from the Lucid is that I could pull down the notification bar and have quick settings to tap like screen brightness and data on/off. This phone has no such fair, but with this, you can and then some. Conclusion: Overall, despite some flaws, this is a great phone for the price. The hardware and software is really good for the price and the screen is just the right size. If you get a Verizon salesman pushing another phone like either of the LG Lucids or Samsung Stratospheres, reject them and get this phone. This phone has had a lot of thought, care, and quality put into it, unlike those others I've mentioned. I will update on the camera once I play with it more along with other areas of the phone. Update: so far, I'm still rocking this phone very well and it hasn't had any scratches or dents at all. I'm still taking experimenting with the camera as I haven't had much of a chance to do so, but the pictures are good for the most part. Performance is still excellent overall. Still the best phone you can get at an affordable price!I just upgraded my Droid X two days ago to the Droid Razr M and couldn't be happier. All the good things I liked about the X are in the Razr M and all of the things that needed upgrading, improved immensely in the Razr M. The X had superior call quality and the M continues this trait with call quality you would think the person is in the room. The battery life was decent on the X but the Razr M's is amazing. Even in the first two days of owning the new phone (so I am playing with it constantly) I have only charged it at night when I go to bed still at around 20%. But probably the most impressive thing about this phone is its durability. It just feels like I could throw it in a river from 50 yards and it would come out fine. I dropped it like a fool the first day I got it in a parking lot, and there is absolutely not visible damage. Great phone and I cannot wait for Jelly Bean! Update: Now I have owned this phone for about 9 months and wanted to give a quick update now. The phone is still as durable as I mentioned above, still looks like the day I took it out of the box. I am noticing a few issues however. I enjoyed a long (about 15 hrs on normal use) battery life with ICS but now with the Jelly Bean update some days I am usually lucky to only get 8 hours of battery life on very gentle use. I have been told disabling Google Now can help this and will experiment. Other than battery life issues I still enjoy this powerful and simple phone.This is my first personal smartphone, but I've used all of my friends' phones (iPhone's, Android's, Windows Mobile's) and none of theirs can even come close to the speed or compactness of this phone. The 1.5 GHz dual core packs a serious punch in every application I've run (including open-world "The Amazing Spiderman" and the beautiful, intensive "Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation"; the latter could barely function on my friend's fourth generation iPod Touch, while my phone is able to run it at least 60 FPS and add some beauty [such as increased smoke, improved anti-aliasing, etc.]) and the gig of RAM lets me switch between the chaotic 12-man battles of Fallen Nation and text messaging my buddies without a single hiccup. Because of the limited storage on the phone (I was able to use something like 4 gigabytes for my own content)I also purchased a SanDisk MicroSD 10X Ultimate 64 gigabyte memory card, which has worked flawlessly with the phone (note: small apps and apps that are installers for large apps (e.g. Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation) will download the installer to the phone memory, and then all app content will be saved to the SD card, keeping only a couple of megabytes on the phone). 1. No storage switching Unlike most Android phones, downloaded apps cannot be downloaded straight to the memory card. This excluded feature makes downloading large apps like "The Dark Knight Rises" nearly impossible as 1.35GB must be available on the internal memory (I have about 1 free) 2. Only "okay" battery life The battery will get you through the day no problem if mobile data is disabled, but if it is enabled then you won't go very far. I have spent a four-hour roadtrip listening to a combination of Spotify, SoundCloud, and Google Play and lost half the battery life. During this trip, the screen was kept off most of the time, and the Spotify playlist was pre-downloaded and SoundCloud keeps a media cache on the SD card; no battery was used due to intensive streaming, just the mobile data. The screen alone is pretty draining, but nothing that can't be drastically improved by disabling automatic brightness and turning the brightness down to the lowest setting. Overall, if you're looking for a powerful, lightweight phone with a large screen (however, one that can get your thumb from one corner to the other) and don't have to worry about the availability of charging time, then definitely pick one of these up!I cannot sing enough praises about this beautiful little device. My boyfriend has had the Droid Razr for about 7 months and I have been extremely jealous of all of his internet browsing capabilities for a long time. I was stuck with a Samsung Exhibit 4G for a while from a useless wireless provider in Cincinnati, Ohio called Cincinnati Bell. The provider sent me a text message to inform me that 80% of my data usage has to be done in Cincinnati or Dayton areas. Well, that's kind of hard for me being a college student living 3 hours away from home. So, I dropped their "service" and switched to Verizon. Best decision ever made. Verizon is a wonderful provider, as many know already. But this review is about the Droid Razr M, which I will try to stay focused on. I have had quite a bit of experience with the Droid Razr, because it is the phone my boyfriend has, and now that I have the Razr M, we can both see some very clear improvements: * Edge- to-Edge screen * Less wide, more hand/pocket friendly size * Lightening fast Jelly Bean operating system * Only $50 with a new two-year plan with Verizon * Long battery life I can run on a single charge all day. I would say that I am on my phone more often than my boyfriend is on his phone and yet here it is at 10:20pm and my phone has 40% battery life while his Droid Razr is nearly dead. (Both woke up around 9am) I like that the main three icons (back, home, recent apps) are now a part of the main ever-changing touch screen. There is now no menu icon, but sometimes you will see a ... icon to the right of the recent app icon, which comes and goes as needed. Sometimes the "back" icon changes to a down-arrow when the keyboard is up to allow you to hide the keyboard. I like the "circles" widget that comes with the operating system, which allows you to see the Current date, time, set your alarm, view the weather, and view your battery. There is a Quick Settings option when you are on the homescreen and you swipe your finger from left to right. This screen is so useful because now I can access commonly sought after items in the settings like ringtone on/off, Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS, Mobile Data, and airplane mode. It it is a screen that is very like a swtichboard which allows you to turn these things off and on as needed. Anyways, all in all, there are lots of things to love about this fine phone and its fine operating system. I love it and if you are on your phone often, this one is great for you because it has 1GB RAM and can pretty much take any amount of app usage you want to throw at it without crashing. \Bought this phone for my wife this weekend. Our first smart phone and overall we love it. PROS: -Good battery life (especially compared to the Samsung feature phone she had the past 1+yr) -Running Android 4.1 -Speedy at doing everything (apps open up faster than on my nexus 7 tablet) -Great screen = dims enough to use at night and not annoy anyone and very bright during sunny day CONS: -Only 4+GB of available internal storage space -no micro HDMI port -Can't move apps off internal storage to micro SD card!! Some people have complained about the battery life, and yes the battery life sucks if you are a heavy smart phone user... but I have yet to hear from my heavy phone users that their smart phone last more than 24+ hrs after heavy use. We have only had the phone 5 days and have charged it twice. The first charge came after a day and a half because I was installing all my apps and updating others that came pre installed on the phone. I just charged it last night after almost 3 days. Again not amazing battery life but I have yet to hear of any smart phone that last longer than 24 hrs from heavy use. Motorola made some changes to Jelly Bean and that is where my biggest CON for this phone comes from. Motorola, in its infinite wisdom, to prevent rooters from rooting the Razr M, eliminated the option to move apps to micro SD card. 4 gigs is not enough space for apps if you like a tons of apps and you like trying new ones without having to worry about deleting others to make room. Basically, you HAVE to buy a micro SD card for this phone. Period. I have a 32GB card in the phone and I should be able to get my photos, music, and videos on the card and use the internal space solely for apps. I stream most of my big files from 3 cloud services but I like the convenience of having my files on my devices if possible. If I had paid $100 for this phone, instead of $0, I would be even more annoyed by the storage issues. That being said, this phone is a great budget smart phone.I was going to get an I phone 5, then figured I'd do some research first. What I easily discovered was: The Samsumg Galaxy S3 is the most feature rich phone made. The I phone 5 is seriously overrated. The top 2 for me were 2 Motorola models: M and Maxx. I chose the Motorola Droid Razr M over all other phones for the following attributes: - Best antenna and thus reception of any phone mfg. - I can stream Pandora and surf the internet with no interuptions in what is known as a bad cell reception area. - Best battery life of any mfg. of phones (second best in Motorola's lineup) - Great processor speed and Dual core (second to the GS3) - Fast while surfing. - Swype and adaptive voice to text/email are the best with Motorola's android system and not available w/ I phone. - Very sharp graphics. - Really like the interface and find the phone very easy to use (plus Jelly Bean will be upgraded to it later this year). - I keep it in my front pocket and its small enough (yet a big screen) and light. This phone has been nothing but AWESOME the first 3 weeks I've owned it. All of the reasons that I bought it for, above, are right on and real. Love this phone. Other things I like: very good speaker performance and like the power button on the side versus on the top like my other phone because I don't accidentally hit the power button any more.my general rule when buying anything is to avoid products that could end up proving to be more hassle than the value they bring. this goes both for seemingly overly-complex android phones like the s3 or little princess-y phones like the iphone. i almost succumbed this time to flashiness, as I thought I might get the iphone 5-- a very good phone no doubt, but it doesnt have the kind of full functionality and fun of a normal android. i thought about it momentarily and realized i couldnt do it. at least not this generation iphone. next was S3-- another nice looking phone. but then i realized that i dont like big screens, and I have been hearing about the bloatware and the bugginess that again i might have forgotten about if I didnt see the razr m. the razr m-- after mulling the s3 for a bit i just started looking at other phones. i instantly fell for the this very hardy, powerful, nononsense phone. it is the lenovo of phones, i must say. very powerful. not a glitch on a single swipe i have seen so far. the screen is very bright and beautiful (if a little jagged-- whatever). it has a very solid construction, and its end-to-end display is really catchy. no-nonsense. a workhorse. will do everything you need it to, without making itself an issue; this is not that kind of phone. no screen protectors needed. no cases. no-nonsense.Overall very pleased. Most of the other reviews on here are pretty consistent about the phones pluses and minuses. I love the size since I am a pocket user, and this phone is smaller and lighter than my prior non-smart phone, though that had a keyboard. And I do miss a keyboard, since this is the first time I am forced to use the onscreen keyboard which takes getting used to, but that is not the phone's fault. A source of many complains is the camera, it is fine for my use. A little slow with t he shutter but very adequate. The screen is nice, if not the most cutting edge, it is a phone after all not a wide screen TV. As to the battery, I have found that the battery life is excellent. I am not a power user, but especially by using the built in smart actions app allows you to turn on and off battery using features depending on your location (for instance, when you come home turn on the wifi and turn off data, etc.) On standby the battery lasts an extremely long time, very satisfied. When on the 4G it is amazingly fast, and with Verizon there are is good 4G coverage. Even on 3G the speed is good. A few issues, as someone mentioned the on/off and the volume controls are too close together (especially since these are the only two exterior switches). I also get annoyed by the Motorola keyboard, it has no "hide keyboard" button, you have to hit the standard back button (not a huge deal) but worse is that the home button is right below the space bar so when texting I ham constantly mistakenly exiting my text by hitting the home button. Not sure if all android ics keyboards are like this and I am probably more to blame than the keyboard but I am looking for an alternative keyboard to see if it works. On the other hand the talk to text feature works quite well, not that I use it. Pros: size speed screen battery cons buttons too close motorola keyboardFor some reason, Motorola phones hate me. And I'm convinced the Android OS does as well. First, this phone was faster and more responsive than my last Motorola Droid. However, texting on a touchscreen is a nightmare. (I had a QWERTY keyboard with my last phone, and I want it back!) The touchscreen texting is also laggy, and sometimes word correction jumps ahead and corrects an already correct word that I simply haven't finished typing. This has caused an increase in my use of curse words while texting. Bloatware: Android and Motorola, whoever comes up with the idea of forcing apps on their customers, needs to BE a customer with applications that are utterly useless, then they may understand. This phone comes with 8 gigs of space, but you will only be able to use 4 gigs of that. Some of those precious 4 gigs will be used up by applications such as NFL Mobile, Playmusic, Play this and Play that, Slacker this and Slacker that, and everything Google. And you can't get rid of them. No, they are there for the life of the phone. If you're like me, you won't touch 90% of those apps, but you will be forced to update them. Or you can opt for manual updates, then be forced to bypass them as your phone dutifully reminds you that NFL MOBILE NEEDS TO BE UPDATED!!! Battery life is unimpressive as well. It lasts a day sometimes and that's only achieved by constantly killing useless apps. I don't understand why the people who offer us these phones aren't making phones that can be truly customized without rooting. I'm tired of Slacker radio throwing parties on my phone's downtime. It's an okay phone, and maybe the grass just seems greener on the iPhone side because I'm still looking for a smartphone that doesn't cause me to throw temper tantrums.I bought this phone on contract at Cartoys when it first came out in September of 2012. Let me start off by stating what type of user I was: A teenager, looking for a decent smartphone, sub $100. I had no expectations since this would be my first smartphone. I was looking for a compact phone that could fit into my pocket. I was also looking for a device that could be my camera, music player, and be able to run the games I want to play. This phone is similar in size with the iPhone 5 and it currently runs with 4.1.2 Jellybean (the current version of software, 4.4 Kitkat is supposedly being released in a "few weeks"). Pros: -Colorful display, very bright when turned on the highest setting -8 MP Camera on the back, which is a good camera for normal lighting, but it doesn't do well in low lighting. -Runs Android 4.1.2 and may receive an update to 4.4 Kitkat in the future -NFC functional (phone transfers/receives data by touching with another phone; Used it to check the balance on my bus card) -loud alarm clock -People ask if it's an iPhone so... Thank you Apple for setting the standard. -Chromecast Remote, but that seems more Chromecast than this phone... -Durable with case: case has dings and no broken screen Okay, but could be better: -Games: it works, but once in a while (if you're playing Riptide GT 2) it may just not respond, so just press "Okay" and keep playing. -Rear Speaker can be accidentally muffled by my fingers, but it is loud. -4G LTE may not be found in certain areas, but normally high school tries to lessen your signal and mountain overpasses probably are meant to be remote for a reason. -Call quality could be better on speaker phone Cons: -Lag. Not many people want to perform factory resets, although it's easier if your life does not revolve around your phone. Lag can also be remedied by changing the animation, window, and transition scale to none (although to the psychologically, none may seem like the phone is lagging even more) or to 0.5 under developer options in the Settings. Do not get a task killer app; it just closes processes that the phone will reopen and it's a vicious cycle. -Battery: It's decent, can keep maybe a day and some if you're a light user, but for heavier users with consistent screen on time, then it could last from 4-6 hours depending on if you have Wi-Fi or LTE on. Battery does get really warm with constant usage. - Pre-installed apps: If you don't use them, disable them or "Force Stop". I did this with the NFL, IMDB, Google Magazine, and Slacker radio. While it sucks to have apps that are some users don't need, the only way to remove the apps that I know of is to root the phone. Overall this phone is decent for a starter. It does the tasks that you want it to do and even becomes an integral part of your life if you choose. If Motorola holds up on its promise to bring 4.4 Kitkat to the phone, it may possibly change the lag situation. If you choose to buy this phone, then buy a case (even if it is thin rubbery plastic) to avoid dings if you drop it on concrete. After I update, this phone will still be a good music player, camera, alarm clock, games, ebook reader ,and a device that a kid could use for a long road trip. UPDATE: 4.4.2 KitKat was released and the battery life is better. When you turn on your mobile data (4G LTE) it connects faster than it did before. (4 Stars)I upgraded from Motorola Droid so it is a big leap for me. I like this phone for many different reasons but mainly for size and unadulterated Android experience. Phone is easy to handle considering it has 4.3" screen; feels light in shirt pocket. I upgraded to Jelly Bean and Motorola has not messed around with core Android too much. Compared to Samsung Galaxy 3, you would notice how beautiful the fonts, color schemes, menu layout and transitions look. Difference to a keen eye is huge. For example, the settings menu is easier to access than on S3 even though they both have Jelly Bean. Another plus is how few default apps have been thrown in by Verizon compared to TMobile. In fact, Motorola's Smart Actions saves you time and embarrassment. You can configure it to go silent at work, turn on GPS automatically when driving and have it announce caller's name when at home! Also, did you know that this phone has same processor as S3?!! All the apps start quickly, page movements are fluid and videos play loud and clear. Phone looks sexy from all angles. Call quality is acceptable, nothing wrong with it. Battery life is acceptable as well, I am a fairly heavy user of data services through the day and it lasts till night on single charge. Photo quality is 7 out of 10, I felt S3 reproduced slightly more accurate colors. Transferring content to other phones using NFC was a thrill. Overall the phone is pleasure to use, Jelly Bean is what makes the whole experience fun. You can't go wrong for the price.Got this phone for my girlfriend for $49 and we have both been nothing but impressed by it. She wanted a small Android phone, but didn't want to sacrifice screen size, features or power. We evaluated what was on the market and went for the Razr M. This phone has definitely made her happy. iPhone's have become the phone most people want when they don't want a massive smartphone in their pocket. The Razr M brings a viable Android back into this space: Size Comparison to iPhone: Razr M Dimensions: 60.9mm(x) 122.5mm(y) 8.3mm (z) iPhone 4S Dimentions: 58.6mm(x) 115.2mm(y) 9.3mm (z) iPhone 5 Dimentions: 58.6mm(x) 123.8mm(y) 7.6mm (z) Screen Size: Razr M: 4.3" iPhone 4S: 3.5" iPhone 5: 4.0" Weight: Razr M: 126g iPhone 4S: 140g iPhone 5: 112g Software: Android 4.1: It was ready for a Jelly Bean update out of the box. Smart Actions: She'll never use them, but I would and I think it's a great addition by Motorola. Circle Widget: Attractive way to display data. She loves it. I have to admit, it looks pretty good. Hardware: Screen: I was worried about the screen based on the technology used, but it looks gorgeous. Radio: I've sat next to her in crap locations while my phone (S3) was on 1X and her phone was on 3G. NFC: NFC makes me happy. Is great for transmitting small bits of data (phones back to back or NFC stickers) and setting up triggered tasks based on device placement (NFC Stickers). Stick an NFC sticker to your GPS dock and have the phone automatically go into navigation mode. To me, NFC alone makes this better than any phone without it. iPhones, I'm looking at you. Verizon's blocking of Google Wallet however, limits the full potential of NFC for now and makes me sad. Camera: The rear-facing camera isn't bad by any means, but it that impressive either if you've used recent phones. I'm pretty sure it uses the same chipset I've seen in phones with better cameras though, so it might get better with an update. The front-facing camera steps things down a notch to the .3 megapixels that I had hoped we'd all gotten past. Don't expect to be taking great self portraits without a mirror. Battery: The 2000 mAh Li Ion is incredible. It keeps this device powered long after most phones (that aren't the Razr Maxx) will die. The Jelly Bean update does lower battery life a bit, probably because of Google Now more than anything, but it still has better battery life than almost any other device. Overall: The phone is a great compact size with a nice crisp 4.3" display. You're not getting a "retina" display, but the only thing you'll probably ever feel like they skimped on is the front-facing camera. I highly recommend this phone and at times am slightly jealous of my gf. My next phone may be a Motorola.Previous phone was an iphone 3gs. I had it since it came out. I am not one to buy a new phone just becuz the new version is out. Apple did not break any new ground with their updated phones so I stayed with the 3gs. After time android caught up and surpassed iOS in my opinion. I was tired of iOS but android was also an unknown. After considerable research in best bang for buck and my 3gs refused to recognize all the charging cords I had for it I pulled the trigger on the Razr M shortly after it was released. Amazon had it for $50 and that was a hell of a deal to me. Amazon has it for .01 cents now. Wow!!! In short its a great awesome phone and I love it. Get it. Its a breathe of fresh air compared to iOS. It's small and sleek, has a great screen, and hasn't dropped a call yet. Read on for the negatives. There is a learning curve. If you are remotely tech savy its easy and refreshing. If not, than stick with iOS. I don't mean that as a knock on iOS. Apple products are just easier. Rudimentary but easy. Anyways, I had big problems dealing with SD cards. Major hassle. I sent 2 phones back to Amazon becuz of issues. Let me explain. The 1st phone I received from Amazon had fingerprints and gunk on it. WTH? I called them and asked them if they sent me a refurbed phone. They said they dont do that but they would replace the one I had via the 30 day return policy. I never even turned it on. I just put it back in the box, printed the return label, sealed it, and sent it back. The 2nd phone arrived. It came in a cushioned envelope... not an Amazon box. Odd i thought, but it was still in the Motorola box and was at least clean. I turned it on and I was happy. Until...... I had it for about 2 days and loved playing with my new phone. Then I decided to get a micro SD card for it. 16gb class 10 for about $20 at Fry's. I put the SD card in. Everything was ok until I decided to take a picture and set the default to save to the external SD card. Bad news kid. Phone crashed and locked up. The phone hated the SD card. I exchanged the micro SD card at Fry's thinking it was messing up my phone. No dice on the new card. Phone kept locking up. Bought a new Sandisk SD card from Office Depot thinking the off brand was the culprit. Phone locked up again and kept doing so. In desperation I reformatted the phone. I got the hang of doing so everytime it crashed. Which was every time I tried to access the external memory. I was pissed. So..... Called Amazon and complained thinking maybe I got a bum phone. What luck huh? Begrudgingly they agreed to send a 3rd one. Kudos to Amazon I suppose. 3rd phone arrived. In preparation I researched online about my problem. It was a 2-3 week old phone so not much was out there about it. I read a little about micro SD cards and came across a thread about the SD card and how the phone was tested using a class 4 SD card. I bought one at Office depot for about $16. 16gb, class 4 micro SD card, and waited for my phone to arrive. Crossing fingers and trying to get my 3gs to charge. Phone came. New Amazon box, new Motorola box, clean phone. So far so good. Popped the 16gb class 4 micro SD card in and fired the phone up. Took a picture with the default set to save to the external SD card and crossed my fingers............ Its been a little over 2 months now and I love this phone. The lesser classed SD card did the trick. It takes pics fine and saves to the SD card fine and fast. With the class 10 SD card the phone would lock up every time an app would try to access it. Now with the class 4 SD card, everything is fine and this phone is awesome and I mean that in a tech way. Its sleek, sturdy, and high tech. I even bought the Motorola car dock and use the Smart Actions. I learned how to use Smart actions and vehicle mode. I updated to Jelly Bean. This phone amazes like watching your dog behave in public. Jelly Bean and Smart Actions make this phone do tricks you wouldn't expect. Sometimes u have to setup some stuff up but doing so helps it learn you faster. I love the android Navigation and Jelly Bean voice. I find ways to use the Navigation. The android voice gives directions as if I had my own personal Cortana! Sorry for the long review but I hope this rant helps some who might have had problems with the SD card thing as well. Get a class 4 or similiar card and be happy with this phone. I am.I've had Motorola phones since the first razr flip phone, so I didn't hesitate to go with another when I chose this one. The screen does look good, the build on it is strong, battery life is decent, the signal is weak compared to the iphone 4S on the same network (and this is with no cover on the phone), but the terrible part for me is the w-fi. Since new, on the first phone before trading it in for a refurbished one twice, and then on the subsequent phones, the wi-fi has been terrible at holding on to a network signal. This is not just one router, this is any time I've ever used the wi-fi. Even at home it has a terrible time holding onto the wi-fi signal despite the laptop and other phones in the house have no problem at all. For this reason I wouldn't recommend this phone. The other major flaw for me was the headset speaker. It blew and buzzed which is the reason for the second time I traded it in for a replacement under the warranty I purchased. Overall I'm very unsatisfied and will be terminating my cell phone contract and I will cell this phone for something better and more reliable.I upgraded to the Droid Razr M from the Droid yesterday, and so far I'm very happy. Much faster than my old phone, and the battery seems to last far longer too (not that I had much trouble with my old Droid.) I've replaced the stock launcher with Launcher Pro, which I had been using on my old phone. The Plus upgrade transferred over easily also. Since I replaced the stock launcher, the interface is almost identical to what I am used to. The main differences are listed below: The power button was moved from the top right to the right top. Not a big difference, but I've already found that some of my habits don't work anymore, like picking it up in such a way as to turn it on simultaneously. It's also a little harder to find with my finger, but I'm still sure I'll get used to it. The charging port was moved from the left top to the left bottom, and rotated backward. When I'm in my car, I plug in the phone and place it vertically in the cup holder where I can see it without moving much more than my eyes. Fortunately I have a cut-out on the side of the cupholder in my car. If I didn't this would definitely cause a problem. If you have a similar habit, check whether this will still work for you. The port is only about an inch from the bottom of the phone. The menu button doesn't always display. This is actually a good thing, because some apps don't use that button, and this way you can tell if there's actually a menu. The search button has been replaced with a recently used apps button. I'm not seeing this being more useful, but truthfully, I don't think I used the search button very often, and there is now a Google Search widget. Not necessary on the old phone because of the button, but I guess they decided that this would be better. The ring tones aren't very good. Of course, this is just my opinion, but none really sound to me like "my" phone. Or even "a phone" for that matter. I guess I'll go find an app for that later, but in the mean time I'm using my old ringtone. The notifications are better, but I haven't found a way to set one for gmail separately; it just uses the default. Settings are easier to navigate. Or at least prettier, with a smaller font so more fit on the screen. Anyway, I think this is better. I like the Smart Actions app. I do like that it lets me change settings on things like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, mobile data, screen brightness, volume, etc based on a trigger like connecting to my home Wi-Fi network, being (or not being) plugged in, time of day, battery level, and/or not moving for a while. Still working on making it work right for me. My biggest complaint so far is that there seems to be no way to detect "in the car" besides connecting to your car's bluetooth (which I don't have.) My wish is that it could check speed, or disconnecting from Wi-Fi. Speaking of which, for some reason it wasn't able to use my location because it couldn't determine an address... even though it could place me correctly on the map. Not sure why it needs an address to tell if I'm within a certain distance of a given location. So, Smart Actions has its pros and cons. If you don't like it, don't use it. If you do, you can make basic actions like turning the volume and brightness down at night, and then back up in the morning. You can also make more complex ones using numerous triggers (e.g. being plugged in and connected to wi-fi and in a certain location.) Having ordered mine from Amazon, it came with several Amazon apps preinstalled, and a few other shopping apps that I'm not familiar with (my wife said one sold shoes... whatever.) Take this as you will. For a $99 price difference between Amazon and Verizon, I'll accept a few extra unremovable apps for the next 2 years. Edit: I've now had this phone for about a month and a half. As expected, some of the changes I've learned to deal with, like the power button placement, however I still prefer the top placement, as the volume buttons are harder to find accurately this way. As for the charging port, the change of orientation no longer bothers me as much, but I still wish it had a light to indicate that it was actually charging. I really like the recently-used Apps button now. It helps the phone act as a multitasking system. Think of it like a version of the task bar on a Windows computer, that shows all your running apps... only it's not just the ones currently running; it also shows the ones you've recently started and exited (so if you really like a certain app, you can quit and instead of finding it on a desktop, you can quickly find it there.) I've also gotten to love the Google Now features. These include cards that tell such things as how long it will take you to get home or to work, what the weather forecast is, the details of your upcoming flights, and what events are coming up in your area. There is also a search bar in the cards view, so it's a quick and easy way to do a google search. I've turned on a setting so that I just have to drag the home icon up to activate it, so I no longer miss the search button being always on the screen. This is just as convenient. Still loving Smart Actions. Still frustrated that there's no good way for it to tell that I'm in the car. The phone is still fast and smooth. Unfortunately the 8 GB preinstalled only has 4 GB usable for apps, and you can't install apps to the SD card. I'm at about 1 GB of the 4 GB app limit. I can't yet predict whether I'll hit the limit before I'm done with the phone. I'm irritated that the limit is so low because I like my technology to be future-resistant. It's definitely enough for now, but over time, requirements tend to grow and I expect that for many, possibly including myself, they will outgrow the capabilities of this phone. I see this 4 GB limit as the bottleneck.I have worked in the cell phone industry for 10+ years and am always switching out phones. I've liked the iPhone, blackberry and other Android powered devices as they each had something great about them. But this phone by far is my favorite. The 4.1Jelly Bean operating system is smooth and much more feature packed than any phone I've ever owned. The best two features are the battery and screen design. I make 20-25 calls a day and about 3000 text messages a month, on top of countless emails and I get through an entire day without charging again. This is absolutely amazing for me as I never have to worry about my phone dying around 5PM like I did with other phones. The screen is sharp and big enough for whatever you need on a phone. The edge to edge design makes the overall size of the phone feel smaller and lightweight and fits great in my hand, even though the screen is large. And although I do not use it much, for what its worth, being able to talk and surf web, etc at the same time is amazing. Just removes one little thing that always kind of annoyed myself and other Verizon Wireless customers I've talked to. If you are looking to upgrade to an Android device or switch to one, there are more expensive phones that have slightly larger and better technical numbers but in my experience do not actually do more for you. The cost and performance you get from the Motorola Razr M 4G makes this a top recommendation for meThe phone is small, lightweight, and has a crystal clear display. Compared to my current Droid X, this is far, far superior. Action to the applications is quick and responsive. The battery life is slightly better than expected for a smartphone. The new OS (ice cream sandwich) is very useful and friendly. More importantly, the customer service at Amazon is amazing. I was informed of every step in the process of upgrading my line. There was an issue at Verizon that blocked the upgrade while the phone was being shipped, and it was automatically recalled back to Amazon. The customer service agents were great in getting things resolved, and sending me another phone immediately. They called as soon as it was delivered to help ensure it was activated and working properly, and then called back later just ensure I was happy. Amazon is what makes the customer service at other establishments bearable.I have had this phone for about a month now and I have been very happy with its performance. THis is my first smartphone purchase and it has meet every expectation. And the price for what you are getting can't be beat. I got it for $0.01 (yes they actually bill your credit card for the penny!) The phones battery life is great, I make it through about two days with light to moderate usage (a few calls checking email over wifi or 4G, listing to music over pandora for about an hour each day and then listening to about an hour of mp3's while at the gym) I turn of the GPS when I know where I am and have stuff set to update when I open the apps and not always have them running. Over all I am very happy, can't really thing of a con to go along with this, it just does everything I want it to do. Motorola phones will only get better the more integrated google becomes in the development of their phones.I love my Moto Droid Razer M, I searched for months for a phone that could not only give me a good fit, but have full features of an Apple iPhone 5 & bee the same size for less $$$ out of my pocket! Well the Moto Droid Razer M accomplished that & more! I like that it has Gorilla Glass which protects the screen from spills & drops. I like the large 4.3" screen for it's glossy fit & finish is perfect for a quick glance to see where your going, next I like that it fits in my hand just like the iPhone 4 & 5, one handed & voice texting is easy since I can't use both hands due to not being able to move my left hand. the size of the 4" to 5" phones were out of the running within the first few minutes of my search. Lastly, This phone has the quality that only Motorola can have claimed way back when I got my first cell phone 22 Yrs. ago! Finally, Just go for it with Verizion & the Moto Razer M you can't go wrong!I've been using the Droid Razr M for about 5 months now. I enjoy what this phone offers. It's great. I have all my apps that do what I need. My favorite apps are ES File Explorer along with SyncMe. All the Motorola Droids are well built and handle the day to day bumps. I like this phone because of its size. It's small enough I can put it in my pocket (without the keys). The built-in camera takes really good photos. The GPS through Google is hands down the best. Good-bye Garmin. If you are afraid of smart-phones, do yourself a favor. Buy it and have a patient person show you how to use it. You have 30 days to return it if you buy it through Verizon. There may be a restocking fee, but its worth it to have the chance to get familiar with a smart phone.I've had this phone for about 2 weeks & like it so far. I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy S that was running Froyo. That phone came with an earlier version of Android but I rooted it to get the later version & get rid of Verizon bloatware including Bing as the default search engine. There are so many cool things to like about this phone & Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean). It has a higher resolution screen than my old phone - 540x960 vs 480x800. Even with the higher res, the phone is smaller, about 1/8" in each dimension. The thickness is the same, but tapers to a bit thinner than the Samsung. The RAZR M has the same resolution & screen size as some other current Moto phones, but with less bezel. I like having a smaller phone. I liked the RAZR MAXX for its battery life & 540x960 res, but it was just too big. The ratio of thickness to height & width made it seem too thin like I'd probably break the screen at a huge expense to replace. Insurance costs upfront or monthly typically has a $100 deductible. Both the RAZR M & MAXX were the same price ($0), so that wasn't a consideration. The weak point of this phone is the camera. The Samsung was 5 megapixels & this one is 8, but the image is not as good as what I was used to. Shadow ares show lots of noise. It has problems doing macro shots where the Samsung focused closely. I considered the Samsung Galaxy S III, but like the RAZR MAXX, the size turned me off. There are some great features of Jelly Bean that really make using the phone better than Froyo. There's a recent apps button that brings up all of your recently opened apps. Chrome also has something similar to tabs on a desktop browser that lets you keep many web pages open & switch among them. The phone came with Ice Cream Sandwich & was updated to Jelly Bean a few days later. This update removed the ability to hook the phone up to a PC via USB (UMS) to add & remove files from the phone's memory. That was a stupid move on the part of Google. Furthermore Motorola tech support didn't even have that issue in their knowledge base & I wasted over 2 hours on the phone & resetting it to factory specs. I've found AirDroid to connect via Wifi & access the files on the phone, but it's not as seamless or fast as just using a USB cable. Shame on you Google. They also removed Speed Dialing. It was halfway there in Ice Cream Sandwich - you could set up speed dials, but they didn't work. So they removed the halfway implemented feature from Jelly Bean. Some Moto (Google now) rep online said they found that speed dials weren't used very much. We've has speed dials since cordless phones with touch tone buttons. There's a workaround widget called Direct Dial, but it's not as elegant. I recommend getting this phone.I upgraded to this phone because it didn't take much to butt dial someone with my old phone and there were no settings on it to customize how to make a call. The Motorola M ended up having some annoying problems of its own, so I wouldn't call it an improvement. First off, I am always over-scheduled and have to rely on alarms to tell me where to be at what time. Much of my day consists of administering medications to sick and injured animals on time. I was hoping the alarm that comes with the Motorola M would fill that need. Instead I had problems with the alarm either not going off at all, or going off and not being able to turn it off without powering down. These issues always seemed to happen after I charged the phone, so I got into the habit of powering it down and up again when charging to avoid the alarm bugs. What gets me is that I told the Verizon salesman that the alarm was the most important part of the phone for me, so it had to be reliable. Apparently, he wasn't aware of this common problem with Motorola Ms. Next the flashing green notification light started going haywire. Despite me checking my messages, I couldn't turn it off without powering down and powering up again. Nothing more annoying than having a flashing light in your face telling you there are messages when there are not. At this point nothing fixes it. The light just flashes all the time, which makes me ignore it and makes me miss incoming texts and phone calls. Also, despite buying the anti-glare screen covers, I cannot see the screen at all if I am in direct or indirect sunlight. When I get a call, I have to run indoors to unlock the phone and answer the call. By then it has gone to voice mail. I can take the lock off, but then I'll be back to the butt dialing problem. What I'd like is a phone that can be answered by pushing hard buttons on the side in a specific order, not just one button that can be easily pushed by the pressure of rubbing up against something in a purse or by the pressure of bending over when it is attached to my belt, and a phone that doesn't require you to be able to see the screen to connect with an incoming call.I bought this phone over 2 years ago. I absolutely love it!! Great free apps an widgwtst!! Love the direct text/call widgets!! Its big enough to see the screen and type. Small enough to put in your pocket. Would highly recommend this phone. The only downfall is..after having it over 2.5 years, and not charging it correctly ( not draining battery/not charging it fully) now battery does not last long. I'm on internet much of the day..and now my charge only lasts 14 hours. But hey..its upgrade time anyway...hate to part with this phone. I even bought a mobile charger so I don't have to upgrade!!!This is my second smartphone after upgrading from the Samsung Droid Charge. The Razr M blows that phone out of the water. The Razr M is fast, flawless, small (like a phone should be) and thin. The battery life is great and can last up to 3 days for me. I usually keep my data off while I'm at work until I need to go online and then I turn my WiFi on when I'm at home. The only time I burned through the whole battery in one day was when I had data turned on the whole day while using GPS; I was still able to check email, upload pictures to Facebook, send 40+ texts, and make 30 minutes of phone calls before my battery alert warned me that I had 1% battery left. This is probably the most comparable phone to the iPhone and the Razr M is much better in my opinion. I would definitely recommend this phone!This is my first new phone in two years, I upgraded from the droid incredible. I have no big complaints about this phone and overall happy I got this instead of an iphone. One thing to note about the screen, is that sucks trying to read the screen in sunlight, my old droid did not have that issue. I get a bad glare when ever there is sun shinning on it. Second, I wish they would put the on/off button on the different location, its very annoying have the on off button right nexts to the volume button. i really like the new OS. very nice, the phone is laid out nicely, sound is great, internet is fast and I would buy this phone again.I upgraded from a Nokia E 71 to this phone and was a little scared of learning the new technology. Boy am I glad I got the Razr M! It has truly changed my life. I am a busy mom with 3 kids and this phone makes my life easier. I no longer have to type out text!!! I can just speak my message and the phone types it for me! Awesomeeeeeee. You can voice command almost everything with this phone if you like. I also downloaded an assistant app that is pretty awesome to. This phone is fasttt like super fast. The phone quality is great and I have yet to figure out why some people are griping about the camera. My pics are turning out great. The flash is great too. I love that I can send pics straight to Facebook and check my email with ease too. The phone is very durable and I just love it. Get this phone people! The free games apps like angry birds are great to keep kids entertained too when you are trying to travel or sitting in an office waiting.Also moms, I downloaded an app that has nature sounds and now my infant goes to sleep to the waterfall sound. She loves it!I replaced my droid incredible with the razr M - I had the incredible for 2 years and it never crashed completely even once, I've had the razr m for a month and it has crashed twice - requiring hard reset - pretty much the exact same apps loaded so I really don't think that is the problem. additionally the sound was terrible for about a week - happened suddenly, I made a call and it sounded like a blown speaker in your car sounds. all calls I made after that had the same problem. I was going to bring it by the verizon store and trade it in (or whatever) but as anyone knows who goes to a verizon store, you need to have at least an hour to wait to be even spoken to and I was busy with work so I didn't have time to go and in about a week it suddenly improved. I'm guessing that problem is going to come back. I like the phone a lot otherwise but I think it is produced more cheaply with cheaper parts than the incredible I used to have. I'm going to keep it and it's likely any other droid produced today is going to have similar problems so why bother frustrating myself with trying to take it back but I'm definitely disappointed.First touch screen phone and am totally happy. I have a tablet and a blackberry and this is best of both worlds. Fits easily in pockets and is almost too thin so I will be happy when case arrives. Note that there are VERY few accessories out for this phone. Agree with other reviews about power button, screen and battery. Price on Amazon is crazy... I paid $99 on the Verizon site (upgrade) only 10 days ago. I didn't need and don't want a huge screen or to buy into apple world, so this is best out right now. Early adopter? Probably you will pass. Fast follower who wants solid case, up to date features/os, pocket size and great price? CNET and I think you should get Razor M.THE PHONE HAS POTENTIAL BUT NOT WORTH THE MONEY!! I PAID THE SUGGESTED PRICE AND WAS INITIALLY IMPRESSED UNTIL - TOOK PHOTOS ( VERY DISAPPOINTING) - TOOK VIDEOS ( JUST AS DISAPPOINTING) - USED THE SUGGESTED STRAIGHTALK SIM CARD TO FIND IT IS A LOCKED PHONE THROUGH (VERIZON) - INTERNAL BATTERY ONLY WHICH IS SHORT LIVED IF I COULD EXCHANGE THIS FOR SOMETHING I COULD USE I WOULD AND NEVER AGAIN GET A MOTOROLA PHONEI've always avoided Apple products and really researched the best phone out there for the casual user. After several hours of research I opted for the Razr M. Interesting phone, not too difficult to manouever around. The battery doesn't seem to have much life. But, all things considered, it was doing it's job. Then, about twice a day I started having problems with it locking me out for no reason, and then it started not even coming on. I had to press the power switch and volume-down just to get it to reboot 2-3 times per day with very minimal to almost non-existent usage. I may be too optimistic, but any phone that can't handle the most simple tasks without requiring a re-boot is nothing I'd care to rely on in a tough spot. Back it goes for a phone that has at least some level of reliability. Like I said, it may have been a lemon, but I can't spend my time working with trying to find a good one. I think I'll see if Samsung has better QC in their manufacturing.Well this is my first smart phone and I'm very impressed. I got it one week ago and I'm loving it. The build of the phone is solid and tight. The brushed aluminum and Kevlar backing feel great in the hand. The phone feels built to last but I still chose to purchase an Otterbox for it. The battery life has been really great so far. I can go about 3 days between a charge that includes texting, Facebook, Twitter, web browsing and a few calls. Now let's do some pros and cons. Pros: Build quality Battery Android 4.0.4 soon to get Jelly Bean Screen is sharp but not HD 4G is lightning fast Cons: Verizon bloat appsbest smartphone i have ever had, small size but large screen is a plus and the thinness makes it look sleek and rugged with the high grade materials. battery life is not as expected but gets through the day with about 50% at 9:00. my huawei had 70% at the end of the day and a better camera but with all the new updates you have more editing to do with pictures and effects which is much better than any iphone can offer, overall this phone is slim, lightning fast and a must have for anybody wanting the newest software and still able to throw around your phone without it getting destroyedThis is a great phone and I'm really glad I got it. Fits great into my lady hand, the screen is great, and I have no problem with the pics. Mine actually turn out great! But I do have one issue that I have a feeling can be easily fixed. When I'm on the phone and I need to access my screen, it doesn't respond to the movement of the phone. The screen comes back on when I move it at first, but after the screen locks, it won't! I have to press the power button to get my screen to come back up again, but that just hangs up the call. Any help??This phone is a bargain, at just $100. It has all the bells and whistles including the high end Gorilla Glass(TM). I have no complaints about performance, compatibility with apps or call quality. The only problem I have is that its battery is just not good. I get maybe 6 hours before it is <15%. That is with just moderate texts, calls and emails. I surf The Chive app maybe 30 min a day, but that's about it. It generally takes 4-6 hours for it to charge back up to 100%, which is a bummer. I had a Motorola Photon from sprint before this, and liked it enough to stick with Motorola again, but the photon charged faster and lasted longer. The phone is a good purchase, just be warned that the battery will be terrible for a gamer or app maniac, so keep a charger with you at all times. Regards, MattThe Razr M is a great phone for everyday use. The charge lasts all day with moderate usage and the circle display lets you know exactly how much battery life is left. I sometimes go a couple days on a charge. I've set up the smart actions to help manage the battery at home and work locations to turn on Wi-Fi, turn off GPS, turn off mobile data. The Hotspot comes in handy to drive my kindle or laptop when I'm out and about. I get great reception with clear sound, and the camera works better than expected.Motorola DROID RAZR M 4G Android Phone, Black 8GB (Verizon Wireless)UPDATE: I originally gave this phone a negative review due to the PenTile display. I have since learned that many PenTile displays look great, but unfortunately this one does not. The resolution on this phone is too low for PenTile and makes everything grainy, pixelated, etc. Colors are oversaturated, small text is hard to read. The biggest problem is white areas, which appear gray/orange, or like colored dots. Most web pages have a white background, so it's a constant annoyance. It gets worse if you turn down the brightness. Some people may not mind, but it was a deal-breaker for me. I returned the phone to Amazon. Many of the older displays suffered these problems, but as resolutions have improved, the issues have mostly gone away. Aside from the display, the RAZR M is a nice phone. The interface is intuitive and fast, the build quality seems solid. The speaker gets really loud. The phone's very thin, almost too thin for me. I'd prefer a little more to hold on to, but it seems comfortable enough. Although Amazon says it runs Ice Cream Sandwich, it's actually been updated to Jelly Bean. Non-removable battery and limited 8GB storage for applications might be an issue for some, but not a big deal to me. Sadly I just couldn't live with that display, it ruined the experience for me. Some people may not mind it, but if you have a keen eye, be warned.I was due for an upgrade, so I went with this phone because it was a "free" phone and because the screen is about the same size as the X. I had a Droid X for 2/3 years or something like that. This phone feels like a downgrade in many aspects. The camera is absolute garbage, especially compared to my old phone. There isn't even a macro setting (for small things, like, for example, if you wanted to take a picture of a bug). Maybe it's not a fair comparison, because I'm pretty sure the X had a better camera than a point'n'shoot camera I have. I cannot stand the location of the screen on button. It's right above the volume rocker, and when watching videos or something, I'll go to turn the volume up and turn the screen off and then have to find my place in the video again. The other thing about buttons that really irritates me is that there is NO WAY to connect the notification and ringer volume. You can't just turn the rocker up or down to change both. It only changes the ringer. This irritates the hell out of me. I've tried downloading like every volume app out there to try to fix it in the background, but you can only use them when they're open... so it's at least somewhat of a fix... but it's something that I shouldn't have had to fix. I also miss all of the real-people buttons on the screen. I really like having real buttons for things. Like, I would have preferred to have a real keyboard on a phone, rather than the touch screen one, but not even my old phone had that. The reason being is that my fingers get very cold very frequently and sometimes have a hard time being picked up on any touch screen. I dislike that these buttons will also go away in certain apps, or the lights will dim so you can't see what the button does. It is nice; however, to have the buttons rotate around when you turn the phone. I've had some minor problems trying to open up apps and the phone thinks I've slid my finger to move the screen. This may be because of touch screens not liking me, but my X never did that of which I can think. I've also been having a difficult time with anything with music or sound. For some weird reason, my music skips when I play it in the car. My X never did that once. I also use lightning bug at night for white noise and I've noticed that skipping often. I can't understand why it would skip... it isn't a cd or a tape and in the car, I can't use a tape adapter (anymore) and it has to play through the radio. This is also not a fault of the radio thing, because, again, it has never happened with my X. The nice thing is being able to disable bloatware apps. It still may be on the phone, but you can disable it and it won't bother you anymore. That is a really nice feature that I wish my X had. Getting the SD card out is a pain, but it is a lot easier to do than with the Droid X. No more taking out the battery to remove it. Overall, I really miss my Droid X and I'm honestly thinking about switching back to it.I've had this phone for 3 days now and love it! My previous phone was a Droid X, which was a great phone, but the new Razr M has the same screen size, way faster, is smaller overall, and lighter. I was looking at the other Razr phones and the Samsung S3, but they where all too big for my taste. When I saw the M I knew this was what I was looking for. Big screen in a small light package that fits in your pocket with ease. For reference it is the same physical size as the new iPhone 5, but with a touch bigger screen and much smaller price tag. I think the screen is crisp, bright, and clear, despite what I have read in other reviews, and I don't see any pixelation. Battery life has been amazing. I'm currently at 47 hrs since recharge and still at 35%. This is with heavy use still setting up apps, ringtones, etc, and about 1 hour of talk time. I'm thinking 3 days will be possible once I get to more normal usage and less playing with my new gadget. Super fast. Dual core 1.5GHz snapdragon CPU with 1 gig RAM means it will run apps with ease. I am amazed at how quick it is compared to my old phone which wasn't exactly a slouch. If your used to ICS OS then this phone will feel very familiar to you. Coming from GB OS on my X was a learning curve, but I'm really looking forward to the new Jelly Bean OS that is supposed to be available shortly. I had to give up my unlimited data plan (or pay full retail price to keep it), but I don't think this will be a problem. I'm using less network data than my old phone thanks to the "Smart Actions" that can be set up. It automatically switches to Wifi when GPS tells the phone that I am at home or office. Nice! About the only negative that I think of is the location of the power button. It's just above the volume up button and I have already hit it twice while trying to turn up the volume. I'll get used to it in time. In short if your looking for a feather lite, powerful, and quick smartphone with a nice size display, but don't want a big bulky lump, then this is the phone for you.I bought this phone to replace my Galaxy Nexus and I am glad I did. Motorola radios are much better at pulling in a signal and the battery on this device is outstanding. After 14 hours of normal use, 4g, 3g, wifi, email and surfing, the batter was at 69%. My Nexus was at 69% in 2 hours doing nothing. The screen is excellent, build quality is top notch and the Motorola layer on top of ICS is minimal and more than acceptable. The only less than stellar aspect of this phone is the camera but this is secondary to data and calls. Overall I highly recommend this phone.With my recent switch over from Sprint to Verizon (happy day!), I purchased 1 Motorola Razr Maxx HD for myself, & 3 Motorola Razr M phones for my family members. We've all been using the phones for a few weeks now and not one complaint! The size, design, functionality and battery life of the Razr M far surpasses other more expensive phones. I believe we've finally found the answer to our phone quest with the Motorola Razr M. I would definitely recommend the Razr M to anyone. I must add...Verizon service makes Sprint look like a sick 3 legged junkyard dog! Good Luck!I had a Samsung Galaxy III and loved it. It was such a beautiful phone. I hated that I had to replace it eventually due to horrible battery life. It got to the point where I could barely use the phone. For some strange reason the battery drained constantly everyday all day. It was like I had no phone at all and it constantly shut down. I felt that I needed to get another phone and decided to purchase the Motorola Razr M. I purchased it through Verizon web page. When I got it through the mail I was quite surprised at how small this phone was. I was so used to my wide screen Samsung Galaxy III. I was kind of disappointed. It felt like I downgraded from the Samsung Galaxy III. I really wanted a phone the same size as the galaxy with decent battery life. The motorola is quite compact and very light but it is a decent phone. One positive is that the graphics and screen on this phone is very beautiful. In my honest opinion even better than the Galaxy III that I had. The graphics and color are very sharp and clear which I love. My mother has a phone with remarkable color and graphics to. Way better than the Galaxy or Iphone combined. Just a very stunning and beautiful screen which is a plus. Even though I will miss my Galaxy, the Motorola that I have functions just like it and has the same features just more compact. I guess by most smartphones operating on droid they have similar functions. Far as battery life I am sure this phone will do quite well. My Samsung was horrible and a friend of mine that had the same phone had that issue as well. The Samsung was so bad I don't think this phone can be any worse. You just cannot enjoy a phone with an atrocious battery life. This phone may not be aesthetically pleasing but I can tell it is a decent phone. Touch sceen works great. The keyboard is excellent to type on and responds quickly. Making calls or receiving calls is decent also and the reception is good. I definately recommend this phone to anyone looking for a nice compact smart phone. This phone performs good and quite functional. It is good to know that their are other devices just as good as the Samsung or Iphone. The Motorola razr M is a good device, I just wished it was designed a little different but other than that no complaints as of yet.I loved this phone for the first 2 or 3 months but things such as the vibrate and other aspects of the phone quickly stopped working. I had this phone for 2 years and was not a fan. Besides randomly restarting and not keeping certain settings, the phone gets hot easily while playing games and does not have hardly any memory. Because the old updates and such would not get erased it ended up being just 2 or 3 gigabytes available for me to use, shutting off many features because of the low storage warning. I couldn't update the very few apps I bad because the OS system took up about 5 Gigabytes. Absolutely insane. I now have the Samsung Galaxy Note Edge and have never been happier.Great phone so far. I've had it for a couple of weeks. The only real issue I have is that the stock alarm clock is awful. The small snooze and dismiss buttons are right next to each other and not very easy to see in the morning. I hate the alarm clock. I like the old "Full button snooze" with the slider dismiss button. I am shopping around for an app to solve the issue. I like the smallish size of the phone. I like the look and feel of the phone, but I've always been a fan of Motorola. Call quality is good. 4G Rocks! (if you can get it) There aren't a ton of accessories for this phone. Case options are limited. No charging dock available.What I like: - ICS (Android 4.0.4) much more intuitive than GB (2.3.4) - Build quality is outstanding - speed of software is FAST! - Notification LED (so many other newer phones no longer have this) - ability to disable most of the bloatware - battery life is very good What I DON'T like: - 4G connectivity (or lack thereof), bar for bar, is less than some other 4G's - power button too close to the volume rocker All things considered, I still think it's the phone I'll be keeping (for 2 years) until the next upgrade. Coming from a Moto DX, this is a HUGE improvement. Cheers q{_}*{_}p ------------------ UPDATE-1: 1 H-U-G-E problem SOLVED: "- power button too close to the volume rocker" I purchased the High Gloss Silicone Cover from Verizon Wireless [...]...more on that later...the BEST part is that there's recess for the power button and raised area for the volume rocker, which virtually eliminates the inadvertent (and annoying) power off and/or screen blanks I was experiencing. FYI, the cover is definitely HIGH GLOSS, fits very well, and feels just like a TPU case rather than silicone. As I constantly slide my phone in and out of my front pocket, I need something that slides easy and doesn't collect lint. As case selections are pretty limited now, this is the best option I've found. The case comes in 4 colors, and, if you log in with your VZW ID, you may find a $5.00 discount on this (like I did). I'm changing my rating from 3 to 4 stars just because of this. Once the 3G/4G switching issue is resolved, I'll add the 5th star.PROS: 4.3" screen size Motorola Smart Actions (way cool) Processor Phone build/design (e.g. DuPont Kevlar fiber, Corning Gorilla Glass, and a water repellent nano-coating.) Overall size Battery life Speaker location Microphone location Removable storage (Micro SD) Stripped down UI Quick upgrades to Android software (now that Google is in charge) CONS: Notification light (not big or bright enough) Back camera (takes poor pictures esp. with flash) Front camera (only .3 megapixels) Screen resolution (no HD) RAM (need 2GB min.)I purchased this phone only a month after its debut and regret it none. I'm a heavy phone user with heavy texting, web browsing, face booking and downloading and this phone hasn't let me down yet. If you're looking for a solid, durable phone that's not the size of a tablet, this is a great option.I got this phone because of its trim size 4 glte capability and good battery life for its size. Function wise it is still excellent. For its first two months the battery would last at least 2 days with average usage (some browser time, a lot of txt and some voice, few videos). Then suddendly after 2 months it will not hold charge for even a single day even with most of the phones features turned off. For my first two months I never even considered taking a wall charger to work. Now it is a necessity. Verizon the carrier and the Kiosk where I bought it are only good for providing usless advice on settings. I am still pursuing a warannty remedy.We are in our early 70s and love my wife's new Razr M. It's made our stand alone GPS obsolete - - better and much faster. It's real easy to use especially the voice messaging and goggling for info. We are so happy that I'm upgrading for basically free on my 2 year anniversary - Dec. 26th! Merry Christmas to me. Our full service Verizon wireless gives us lots to do without worrying about extra charges.Just received it. Wow fast processing and shipping as stated. The phone is literally brand new. No blemishes no functionality issues. No problems activating. Also, excellent price. Thumbs up to Taylor Wireless.The overall functionality of the phone is dreadful at best. The phone has very limited capabilities. After the first android upgrade the processor was virtual ly non-responsive. Spend you .01 somewhere else! Awful experience.most of the stuff on this phone works pretty well, but I have to leave wireless turned off most of the time because it takes so much out of the battery. Even w/o wireless turned on, I only get a few hours of actual use. If I don't do anything, the phone will last 1 day. If I actually do things on it like maps and web browsing, then only about 3 hours. I would not buy this phone again because of that. It is no better than the 2 yr old android phone I replaced. The phone has only been out a few months and its already heavily discounted - that should tell you something. Not to mention - Verizon is quite overrated, not saying their worse than the others, but they are overrated. I get 4g about half the time, and outside of the city I can hardly make calls sometimes. *** I originally had this at 2 stars because the battery seemed to drain out so easily. But with the recent update it works much better. Still not as good battery as I would like but this is a very good phone with a ton of features.I've had this phone for about 2 years and it's okay. It's not the most amazing thing, but it's not lousy either. Don't try running too many apps at one time or it will freeze up. It also gets warm when there is a lot going on as well. I normally have to reset it 2 or 3 times a day to keep it running smoothly if not it gets bogged down.I have owned many android devices and this is my favorite so far. I have been sort of anti Motorola due to bad experiences but Google taking over seems to help. Very good battery life compared to other 4g droids I have had. Fast reliable. Just a nice twist on the android platform.Thing spazzes out randomly. I have to charge battery 3 times a day. Speakers are quite. The USB port is on the side which sucks.Wasn't packed very well, but overall happy with phone.Love the phone, I got it Friday on launch day. No lines, no waiting. It does everything I need it to do. The battery is great so far easy a full + day, with fairly heavy use. Love the design, the large screen and overall small dimensions are excellent. Almost identical in size to the new iphone5, but with a much bigger screen, and a "working" Navigator (Google Maps). I was waiting for the Lumia 920, but my 1st gen. Droid Incredible was on its last leg. Very glad I did not wait.It's a good easy phone that does the job but space is limited. Can't move apps to SD card. No removable battery, which I prefer. I have had mine for almost 2yrs now tho and the phone is still doing its job, just battery life sucks but I think it's more bc it's older now.really liked it but definitely not for those who are looking for a small powerful machine. Good battery life, impressive screen quality. Definitely worth it!great phone. small but newest software and great battery life . overall very happy with the phone. the battery lasts for days !Excelentwill this phone work on page pulseI've had this phone for 3 months. Camera is just okay as noted in several reviews. Call quality great. The problem I have is that the phone has a very hard time attaching data to texts or emails. I will often have to try to send a text or email 5 or 6 times if I'm attaching a picture. Then it may take 10 minutes to go through or I will just give up and stop trying. Also, there is this annoying "background data restricted" notification that comes up all day long. I've tried everything to change the settings in the phone to not restrict data even if the phone is idle. I took it in to Verizon and they couldn't fix the problem. What this means is that I can't stream Slacker or Pandora radio because once the phone has been idle for 5-10 minutes it shuts off the data stream. So it will usually play 1 or 2 songs and then cut out and I have to restart the application. Verizon thought this was part of the Smart Actions, but all smart actions are turned off. By the way, Smart Actions is a really cool idea but the way they implemented it was lousy. The possibilities are so limited as of right now.I've had this for about a week. I would use it more if I could get a signal inside the building where I work. The battery life lasts long. I like that I can turn the data plan off and only use wi-fi. I don't want those data overages to sneak up on me. Very thin and light. Fingerprints show easily. I've started using the stylus that I got for my Kindle.love it, no complaints, got it for $.01. No problem getting my existing verizon service and number switched. Do it onlineI had this phone for 24 hrs. By the time I took it back, I absolutely hated it!!! Without a how-to guide, this type of phone is absolutely useless!!! I'll stick with my Jitterbug!!! (I'd give it 0 stars, or negative stars even,but you can't.)It doesn't say if it's no contract or notbefore buying this phone, research Droid RZR cracked screens. There are lots of negative reviews from new owners, how insurance doesn't cover much on the average $200 screen replacement. My Husb put it in his back pocket and then noticed it was cracked even in the Otter Box protective cover. NOT a good choice for a child or someone who can't baby the phone. Our estimate to fix the screen is $275. Verizon and Motorola just now acknowledging frequent screen cracks.This phone was given to me and I took it because of its GSM support, which my previous, antiquated HTC Incredible did not support, and because said HTC was chronically running out of memory. I regret it. The phone reboots at random several times a day, photos are lousy (they are reddish no matter what the ambient light is) and I just discovered that all the photos I had taken until this week-end, and which I had been careful to store on the SD card, have disappeared. They are no longer on the card or anywhere else. Among other annoyances, you can't move apps to the SD card, so that I eventually will also run out of memory on this phone too. Not buying a Motorola phone for the next 10 years.A fairly good phone, but serious problems with easy to figure out without a book. Way too often I'll push an icon or button, and I get it wrong. Just now I was trying to input a friends phone number, that worked ok. But when I tried to add the friend's home address, the phone starts calling that person. This happened many times by accident and shouldn't just because I'm new. If its going to call, the button I push should warn me with something obvious, not something cryptic.I owned my previous Droid X for 2+ years. I dropped it MANY times, to the point the metal framing had little marks and that phone never stopped working. Not a single crack in the screen or anywhere else. It started having some bizarre issues so I decided it was time for a new phone. I've had my Droid Razr M for ONE WEEK, dropped it ONE TIME and it cracked on the back across the camera and near the speaker. It's got some neat features, but quality construction is apparently NOT one of them. Avoid this phone.If you like a phone loaded with non-essential 3rd party spamware that cannot be uninstalled then this is the phone for you. Don't get me wrong - I love Zappo's Shoes and have bought just about every pair of shoes from them for the past 7 years but I don't think I will ever be in the position where I can't wait to order shoes before I get home. Unfortunately this phone comes with a pre-installed Zappo's application that cannot be removed. So if you buy this phone you are buying spamware when they should be paying you to use a phone that has it. I am now at 15 day mark and can't return it or I would then I would get the iPhone which I regret not getting now before I knew Motorola thought so much of me... ...And for Zappo's you just lost a customer!I Bouight This For 8 Dollars! In 2014 I purchased this for 8 dollars and 41 cents includes shipping. I still have it and it works but is dying on me and I want to upgrade it. I used it with safelink no problems. I could never find a good case that fit it so dropped it several times but still works. This current price is crazy to me. Unbelievable. It's a good little phone but I wonder if att gophone is as much? Or any unlocked phone. I just ordered the lg phone 306g. It has a slew of cases to get here on a m a z o n. I was always upset that no cases were ever made for it. :-) I hope you enjoy it. Maybe e b a y has better price though.At first I did not like the small keys but they are raised and padded so I have gotten used to them. They are VERY tiny. It does work in my area even tho Walmart said it wouldn't. Check on tracfone.com with your zip code. Tracfone also has an awesome tutorial page for how to work every single feature and it is interactive. Great reception and really awesome standby time. Has been charged for over a week and is almost still 100% charged. The alarm is loud and can repeat, even has a 5 minute snooze button. The radio is GREAT. Loud ringer too. It's not a smart phone but its a really good phone for anybody who doesn't need a smart phone and you can't beat the price for a Motorola cell phone. The triple minutes for life is a huge plus for me. It comes with 20 minutes of airtime so you can make sure it works before you invest in an airtime card.Purchased this Tracfone as an extra phone backup during a recent ice fishing trip. Phone came well packaged, appeared new without even a scratch on it, and easy to read/understand instructions. Setting it up was a bit of a hassle; first charge the phone (took about three + hours) then go to website, answer a bunch of questions, wait, turn off phone then turn it on again, wait and so on. Then "no service" until the next day! Sent and received a text, made a voice call and received one; all worked well. Would I have this as my main and only phone? NO, I would not, but I would keep it as a back up phone.First of all, its a TRIPLE minute phone. Which is awesome. However, it doesn't have an alarm only call volume setting. It drops calls fairly often. The speaker sounds distorted and echo-y. And it doesn't have a place in the contacts for addresses. Plus the call volume button is placed so its impossible not to hit it when you're holding the phone. So, I accidentally turn my ringer off sometimes and miss important calls and texts. I know it was only $12. I'm not surprised that it sucks. But I am surprised at the amazing reviews for this. I will say one thing.. it hasn't accidentally turned the browser on which happens in a lot of tracfones.It's perfect for my 8 year old son. He busses his daily for talk and radio.. picture quality sucks but it's only 2mph.. it's fine for him he's just glad he has a phone of his own. I purchased 3 more 2 for holiday gifts for kids between ages of 8 and 10 and an extra one if he happens to lose his or it stop working. For $4.99 each h and free prime shipping this is a great deal. Yes I would recommend this blackberry type of phone to anyone. The buttons are too small for me but for the younger eyes first phone or an emergency phone it's the best. Plus it's an mp3 player if u want to use that feature and it has a fm radio.. this is definitely a great deal...Great phone with tons of features for an amazing price! I was really reluctant to purchase this because of its price but I figured it would be good, regardless, for my 9 year old daughter. Her older sister has an iPhone and my 9 yr old is always asking for a phone. This phone is perfect for her but great for anyone too. The screen is relatively small so it's not good for those with vision problems but it's definitely worth more than the purchase price. It comes with easy instructions for adding minutes and has a full color display, Bluetooth, and a really good speaker for such a small phone.I have used this type of phone twice and have no complaints. Wish the screen was larger but I was not looking for anything high tech. The keys are small but eventually I got used to them and lost no speed in texting. Good starter phone that does its job without too many frills.I really like texting on the raised buttons of this phone. The only drawback I find is that when you receive a text, it only makes the "alert" noise once and then quits. So if you're busy and miss it, you won't know you've received a text. Otherwise, a lot better than the more expensive phone I had previous to this one.Very easy to use and great for kidsI bought this phone for my father. I currently own a Galaxy SII and have owned Blackberrys so I have a pretty good knowledge base in terms of cell phones. For $40 this is an excellent texting, picture messaging, and voice phone. The camera and display were better than I expected, and the keyboard really surpassed my expectations. The keyboard is just a notch under Blackberry and surprisingly better than android keyboards such as the droid pro. Overall a great phone for someone who doesn't need advanced functioning.Item as described!!Great product however I purchased it with the intent to have it be my only home phone. Tracfone was not able to port my home number to it...the only number I have had for the last 20 years.This phone is simple, but does exactly what i need it to do. I bought this phone for my daughter, so she could have a phone in an emergency. It stores numbers, it can text, and it has data available. My daughter is young, but was able to figure out the phone.GOOD "BASIC" PHONE -- I DO NOT RECOMMEND TRACFONE ANYTHING! Customer Service Rep Lied. They told me I could use the older phone until they sent me a New Sim Card to activate this new phone. The Customer Service rep Deactivated my old phone so I couldn't use it until I received the new sim card sent for the phone. Terrible Customer Service. Couldn't even get back into the Technical Support after inputting my phone number to get technical support. The recording just kept saying to wait 15 minutes and make a test call, because they deactivated the sim card. I didn't have a working Tracfone until I'd received the new sim card and put it into the phone. I had to get into customer service through a back channel into one of the phone prompts for a different customer service issue than what I had, just to get to talk to someone in customer service. Awful Customer Service experience. Most of the reps I talked with were speaking English with an accent and I would guess they have communication and comprehension problems with US customers.I call this my little travel secret agent phone because of its small size, it is easy to take anywhere, but does everything the big ones do. I Like the physical keyboard. Have gotten many compliments! Happy with ease of set up. Thanks Tracphone!Use it for work. No need for smart phone while there. Very compact and just what I needed to keep in touchThis phone was ok. I didn't like the way the buttons worked but for the price. it is a good phone. it's just a personal preference. the shipping was pretty fast also. i received the phone within a few days.Everything about the phone is self explanatory, but it is hard to find something small enough to hit the correct numbers or letters. I haven't seen a stylus that is small enough yet, eventhough I have been to several phone sstores.i use this one as music player and my son's toy. it supports bluetooth so i can use external speaker when i'm driving or at home. its battery time is not so long but i have a external battery pack it is not the big problem. my son likes pushingbuttons so i use it as a toy for him.My sister liked this phone at first but after several months it appears to have technical issuesQuick sale and shipping. Using it as a 32 GB MP3 player w/FM radio when I travel. Excellent battery life, too. Not too shabby for $5 @!! I'm happy. BTW, it came with Triple minutes, if I ever use it as a cellphone :)Definitely was worth the money.I qould have given it 5stars, but I couldnt evet get connected to the internet.Othetwise it worked very well.Yes! It is working with SafeLink government cell phone in WA state. It is great upgrade.Got one for my 7 year old only payed $5 for it plus 10 minutes and double minutes for life when purchasing extra minutesPhone is pretty slow but I understand that you cannot expect much from a $5 phone. Very basic functionsIt was only five bucks. I'd buy a couple more at that price if I could. At this price it would almost be cheaper to keep buying new phones than to buy refill minutes, if you don't need to keep the same phone number of course. Keypad works really good, easy to write text messages with. I love how tracfone displays how many minutes and days of service you have left right on the homepage, at least on this phone, I assume how they do on all their phones. Its really convenient though, I'd go through them instead of another prepaid service for that fact alone if the prices were similar.Bought for my husband. He loves it. Fast delivery. Very pleased. Thanks so much.Nice cheap pre paid backup phone. Good to have around if family is visiting from our of townI was nervous to buy a phone online but it's great! I thought I was getting double minutes but when I got the phone it has triple minutes!This is awesome product... works great and I really enjoy it. Recommended!This is awesome product... works great and I really enjoy it. Recommended!Works great but the buttons are a bit tiny and require me to use a styliss or pen.good phone. better screen compared to older tracfones. like the keyboard.got it for good price.Not as good as flip phone we have been using..Fantastic prices. And the good toys.A little hard to get use to but works well so far.I got this to replace my old one because the speaker went out. And I really like this phone. I was so glad I could find one to replace the one I had for years.Great little backup phoneThese are awesome! I'm in love with these, these are definitely something to keep around.Cheap non smart phone with double minutes.So far so good as a backup phone. I only wish the number keys were a little larger.I'm satisfied with this item - high performance for its price.goodGot the phone to replace the terrible Samsung that came with Safelink. The phone performs perfectly with much better reception and voice quality when compared to the Samsung. I don't see any issue with the menu system or any other functionality the device provides. You must ignore the signal bars, the Motorola with one bar of service outperforms the Samsung with four bars. At $5 this is a no brainer for someone looking for a decent T-mobile based Tracfone. Would have given five stars but longevity has yet to be seen.Retail package was a little damage &phone quality okay4.99 you can't beat, got it for my 8 year old.goodJunk, lousy reception buy a better phone save your money.Great little phone! Love it!!Did the job thanksMy trap phone.For $3 you just can't beat the price. This phone can be used as a MP3 player that has a long battery life and a clear display.gift, so far, so good according to receipiantI had same phone but it got crushed in accident. I was happy to see it was available at such an excellent price. I don't need smart phone just wanted a phone to call and text and take pics. this is the onelikeIt arrived when it said it was suppose to and it came with minutes. I was honestly surprised about how cheap it was for a prepaid phoneIt came on time ..phone us sort of plastic like but no bad for Tha price and purpose hope this helpits a good phone just small for what i thought it would be,Solid phone, nothing fancy. Can't beat the price.buttons are to smallGreat price, double minutes. Buttons a little too close together.very usally in my life thxI brought this for my granddaughter, but I kept it for myself after I played around with it for awhile. Very nice. I love it!!Keyboard is small but it's just right for my 12 year old right nowSatisifiedGreat cell phone for young onesdeliver fast, but you must ask service center to change a Sim card for your region.this is a excellnt pnoe does pretty much evething a smart phone does just its prepaidI didnt get double minutes. But the phone worked well enough.I had to purchase 3.00 readers in order to read the qwerty keys! NO Notepad, Alarms can't be set more than 2 hrs. BUT I only paid $7.99 and free shipping under PRIME AND NO TAXIt did not meet my expectationsIt did not come with minutes on the phonelove itAbout every hour it just takes minutes. I have to remove battery and put it in a charger to get it to charge.has very limited use for meGreat at that price.Item arrived as described except with one small discrepancy...Three times the minutes for life! Perfect for a child learning responsibility of using a phone!Crazy about the double minutes. This telephone is easy for me to operate and understand. The slim size of it make it easy to fit in a jacket pocket, or a shirt pocket. Like the camera features. I do not particularly like the number and letter keys being so small (when trying to text or dial a phone number). Overall, it is OK and serves the purpose.Not worth the money you get charged for text message even if it don't go through do not buyOLD OUT DATED AN WORTHLESSBe very careful when ordering this phone. If I could give less than 1 star, I would. I ordered on and it is not really a tracfone for the United States. It was some Telcel America phone, which is not a cellular service that I've ever even heard of nor is it offered in either of the states I've lived in. The box, packaging and instructions were all written in Spanish. Not sure what is going on, but the whole thing seems very fishy. I'm extremely disappointed in Amazon.com for letting this stuff happen. When I ordered this phone, I verified that it was fulfilled by Amazon thinking that provided some safety. Boy was I wrong. If you are thinking of ordering this phone, I would definitely look around or try to call Amazon first. Otherwise, you might end up with a phone that isn't really a tracfone that you can use. Tracphone does own other cellular companies, but the phones are not compatable or interchangeable. I only found this out after spending a lot of time talking to their support group.i didnt like this phone because the buttons were hard to press down and it hurt after a short while so i gave it awayI didn't get my free minutes. So i'm not even using the phone.The phone was new in original packaging, but failed to set up with tracphone. There was something wrong with the phone's programing. Tracphone helped us by sending a new phone.I got this phone locally because it was on sale for $29.99 with an additional 10% senior discount on the first Tuesday of the month. $26.99 was very good for a pretty good phone with double minutes for life. I transferred minutes and activation from a broken phone by talking to the best Tracfone tech support guy I've ever spoken with. That's not been a common experience at Tracfone. It took a couple of tries because it did not want to transfer more than about half my minutes on the first try. The phone: 1) good sound in phone mode 2) full qwerty keyboard has tiny keys of course and tiny letters/numbers for the keys. The feel is fine and it works pretty well. Correcting mistakes in an IM is easy and intuitive with the backspace key. Number pad is in the middle of the qwerty letters and so it is extra busy and a bit fussy. Not bad but not for the visually impaired either. Without my reading glasses it would be a pain. 3) IMs are amazingly simple to create with the qwerty keyboard and for a touch typist far more intuitive than the various phone-pad styles of texting. This is one of the main reasons I selected this model 4) Installing the SD card is a cinch following the tutorial on the Tracfone site (you have to search for the model # because Tracfone doesn't acknowledge this phone in their listings by photo). 5) radio reception is not great. Playing music on a 16GB microSD card is not bad at all. 6) Annoyance: This kind of phone is nonsensical as a web browser. I won't use that feature so I am annoyed no end that the default setting of one of the two main buttons is to select "browser." I have already trained myself not to use that button from the start menu, but it is a pain that one cannot simply disable that feature. Another user gave some instructions for using the memory card. I'll fill in some blanks: Tracfone and lots of websites want you to pay for ringtones and do not tell you how to download your own ringtones for free. It's remarkably easy once you know the tricks. Follow the instructions on the Tracfone tutorial site for installing a microSD memory card (google for EX431g tutorial and you'll find it). Then plug your microUSB cable (extra charge--$6 for cable and a two USB port charger from Amazon) into the phone and to a USB port on your computer. Choose "mass storage" from the phone's menu when it detects the cable. Copy a ringtone mp3 (midi probably works too) to the memory card using your computer's file manager. I made a "Ringtones" folder using my computer's file manager so I could keep the tones separate from music I plan to load. When you've copied over the ringtones to the ringtone folder unplug the usb cable. From the phone's menu system choose the My Folder icon (between the camera and the multimedia icons). Select it and then choose "SD card" and "open" and you will see your ringtone folder that you made on the SD card. Select the folder and choose "open" and you will see the names of the ringtones. Choose one of these and select "Use as" and "incoming call" and you have set your mp3 as your ringtone.This phone is easy to use. The instructions could be be written better. I had to learn how to set things up on my own. Here's a tip. Don't set your phone book up on your memory chip. All of the goodies are only available if you keep it on your phone. The screen is clear and the images appear crisp and clear. I would recommend this phone to anyone who needs a good solid phone.I don't know if it is mine or what but I never hear this damn thing ring. I turned the volume up all the way and never hear the ting. I've never used tracfone before but I am told I sound like I am in a tunnel when talking to people. I hear people just fine though. Though I will get my money's worth out of it for outgoing calls.The phone works great w/good reception and no static. It's a great size and fits comfortably in an average woman's pants, front or back pocket. My previous Nokia phone was 10x better though than this Motorola (despite the Nokia being only $15 more). Here's are my issues with this Motorola phone: 1st: The camera might be 2mp, but the photos can't be used for anything. The camera lets you decide if you use a Wallpaper photo shoot mode, VGA, 1MP or 2MP when you take a photo, but regardless of which mode is selected, the photos taken cannot be used for the profile photos in the phone's address book. Why? Because the pics are "too large". Also, try texting a photo of any size (VGA up to 2mp) and the recipient will only receive a thumb tack size photo (even if they have a Smart Phone). Why? Because this Motorola phone automatically resizes your image down before sending it to your recipient. And they can't enlarge it or do anything to make the photo 'viewable' to determine what the photo is actually of. This camera is useless. Maybe if you spend the air minutes to email it to yourself you'll get to use the image??? 2nd: If I am typing a text message, and hold down the delete/back button for a couple seconds in order to edit a line of the text: it will delete the entire message without warning. Each unwanted character must be deleted one at a time. 3rd: There is one pop-up box that comes up every time I unlock the phone saying that it is unlocked. A different pop-up box appears whenever I send a text, access internet, and make or receive a call. It tells me how many minutes I have left, but... when the same info is permanently posted on the phone's "home wallpaper screen", then why do we need a pop up box too?? Sometimes the box takes 3 to 4 seconds before it goes away, other times pressing another button will get rid of it. Sometimes. I just want to do what I want with my phone without waiting through every pop up box.Great phone . Gave to a seniorI am very disappointed in this phone. I purchased one in August as an upgrade. Eight days after activation the microphone failed and the auditory system worked only with an earpiece. Second phone failed in precisely the same manner one month after activation. Great buy, easy to use, but I won't be trying a third.This phone, while mechanically sound and has a great battery life, has the worst operating system of any phone I've owned, including flip phones. It's just downright annoying and difficult to use.Initially I felt like the phone would be pretty good. I liked the feel and the pronounced buttons but that's where it stopped. The phone has no ringers to choose from. There are 15 different tunes that you can choose from. The volume is lacking and can only be heard in a couple choices. If you want the phone to ring, that's not an option. It only lets you play little bits of corny music. Strike 2 was when I remove it to use it and even though it was set to lock buttons after 30 seconds they would be found unlocked minutes later. It felt thin and I was hoping I could make it work but even after choosing the loudest song and the highest volume I was missing calls because it couldn't be heard. I returned it and bought an LG840G. It lacks the ringer choices I would like but at least there is one ringer included.Great lil phone for the price :)Do you want to know what is wrong with this phone - Everything. First, try getting the battery cover off without breaking it, Good Luck. Second try putting in 32gb sd card. It won't show up. I've tried three of them and they aren't recognized. Third, Tracfons tech support is unintelligible unless you yell at them several times to talk louder and slower. Then they send you off to a new department and you have to repeat yourself over and over. Fourth try adding minutes. Its been two hours and I still haven't gotten them yet. Fifth, it doesn't play mp3's or video files. Sixth, you can't download any apps or games. And these are the problems I've found in the first fours hours. lol What a joke. I sure got taken on this deal. Gimme more time I'm sure I will find more. Edit - Seventh, don't view any images from websites or you'll lose half your minutes. They go by size of webpages not time used. I lost 45 minutes on two websites CNN and MSNBC.I've had an iPhone 4 and currently have the new samsung galaxy s iii, which I love! This new Motorola really surprises me. Very sharp looking and quality build. Qwerty keys are rubberized as is the rear panel, which gives it a quality feel. It's thin like the galaxy, reminds me of my blackberry curve--just a little more compact. I have a hearing loss...earpiece was good and speakerphone was fine...not quite as dynamic as the galaxy or blackberry...but works fine. Nice 2mg camera, fm radio and MP3 player. For the price, a great buy.Within the first week of owning it, it obtained a large scratch on the screen from keeping it in my pocket. This caused a small area of obstructed view. Within the second week I had dropped it on a hardwood floor by mistake causing the battery to fly out. Upon further inspection, I discovered that the ear piece speaker no longer worked. So now I have to turn on the "speaker phone" in order to hear my phone calls. So according to my experience... The screen isn't very scratch resistant and the inner components don't appear to be very durable. As a result, I wouldn't recommend this phone to people working outside or in physically demanding environments where a phone is needed.This phone's text font on the screen is very small and hard to see. The phone does not have an option to manually lock the key pad. The best you can do is set the phone to lock after five seconds, not a good design. To text you have to go through several steps, which is not as quick as most phones. The phone receives and makes calls well. The most positive thing about this phone for me is I purchased it on amazon for $5.00. It would not be worth any more than $10.00 at most. For Tracfone members I would recommend the Samsung s 380c. With the samsung you can lock the screen manually, it has a larger text font and is much easier to text. It also is a cdma phone which uses the verizon network.I got tired of having a smart phone and wanted a simple phone and this is it. I received it about a week ago and I have not had to charge the battery since the first day....awesome...I really missed those days! The phone is great, but Tracphone is a little lacking and their minute system is a bit outrageous. To be honest I would choose Virgin Mobile but that is just me, this phone will do for now.This phone is great! I don't like to text, mainly because I have owned only tracphones and can't figure them out. The keyboard on this is easy to use even for someone who has difficulty texting. I love the 3x the minutes for life. I like everything about this phone. Worth every penny. I haven't used the camera and video myself but my son did and said it works very nicely.I recieved this in the mail today and well, It's good... for it's price. I purchased this to use only the mp3 player and for that t worked perfect. The fm radio is not as strong as I hoped but still works. I have only one major gripe and that is, you can't set the clock to the correct time or day. Oh and by the way The one I received is triple minute not double. Conclusion: Great for my use as a cheap mp3 player with a radioworked well for me - I bought it primarily to get away from texting on my touch screen phone which was annoying. Texting on this phone it is only using the letter "a" that seemed to be difficult due to the small size and it's location next to the left edge of the phone. Otherwise, nice phone overall.I didn't want a smart phone. I wanted a phone that made it easy to text, and this does just that. No frills, or bells/whistles. Just a phone that texts, and has a few other things. Just right.Amazing! I bought this as a gift for my 12 year old and it's perfect for him. I love the double minute feature and the "blackberry technology". He doesn't use the web feature so I cannot give feedback regarding that. He is not ready for a smartphone (iPhone or android) but does need something to keep in contact with me so with this he feels as if he is up to speed with friends.I absolutely love this! It exactly as described! Thank you! *Disclosure- I recieved this product at a discounted or free price in exchange for my honest reviewOver all the phone is fine and serves its purpose to have around as an emergency. The fact that is came with an expired SIM card and I had to wait another 10 days for a replacement was an inconvenience.No complaints! It was delivered fast and easy to set up. I got this for my husband coming home from deployment so he can use it while he has layovers. It was cheap and will get the job done until he gets home and can get his cell phone reconnected.Ok itemCould not make it work on my carrier at that time (T-Mobile). Returned for a cheerful refund. Thank you, vendorI refuse to spend $50 (or more) per month on phones, especially for my kids. I get Tracfones like this, get the 1-year/400-minute card and tell them: that's it for the year. Cost of phone, less than $30. Cost of service, less than $100. I expect the phone to last a couple years, so the total cost for 2 years is around $240 or about $10 per month. Beautiful. The 400-minute care doubles to 800 minutes ,so that gives them 2 hours per month. That's enough for them to call me when need be (time to pick them up after swim lessons or whatever). They've learned to use the home phone to talk to their friends (it's basically free) and that's saved me hundreds of dollars.Not exactly what I thought. When you leave it on, it deducts minutes without even using it.Shipped super fast, and setup was easy!Someone asked if this phone can be used for safelink.. yes it can. It is very quiet volume though. I recommend headphones if listening to the fm feature and videos. I am so happy with it!I think this is a good starter phone for kids. It even has a camera which i did not think it had. It came with triple minutes. I have yet to prove that.im a little upset about this.. i've been using it and i've noticed that the battery doesn't last long.. if im using it during the day or just because i have it on the battery dies... i dont have any type of special features on this.. i never turn the BT on and it still drains it.. :(For a $2.99 phone plus triple the minutes, plus camera/video, plus fm player, plus music player. WOW. This is a deal.The actual phone is non functional where I live . However , your won't find a cheaper mp3 player and basic digital camera anywhere.Works great. Awesome starter phone if a parent wants their kid to have a phone.Burner phone. cheap durable exactly what i wanted.Sent back wouldnt chargeNot as crazy about the keyboard as I was on the similar LG. But the price is more than right. Nice little phone.Thanks for a great product. I hope your business to flourish.This phone is a good phone.it has a keyboard lock so there is any butt dialing. I.enjoy using this phone.would I recommend it yes.Great phone top have around as a spare, or if you prefer, to have along with a pay as you go plan.This is a nice little phone. The one I had previously was a cheapie, but it worked well enough; I only replaced it because I lost my MP3 player and found that I could buy a new Motorola phone with a camera and music player for less than it would cost to replace the MP3 player. Also, texting is a lot easier with this phone. Be aware, though, I had to go out and buy a cord to plug this phone into my computer to recharge it and load music - it didn't come with the phone. All things considered, though, this is a phone deserving of five stars.It really is a great product. Next time I will buy again.The phone itself seems very nice. I quite like the feel of it in my hand. My only issue is that the sim card was a dud. When I went to call tracphone the lady whom I was trying to activate my phone with told me the sim card wasn't activating. (However you would refer to it.. ) Other than that I do like the phone.I've had and been using this phone for just under three weeks and so far I am very happy with it's performance, I've added a mini 32gig memory card the keypad operates silently no beeping etc., which makes texting even while around others less annoying, call sound quality is excellent too. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a full keyboard phone.good quality!! exceeds my expectations!!Great value! Wonderful for a prepaid phone plan.This was exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use and figure out. Keyboard is small so if you have large hands it might not be a good match but it is perfect for me.I would highly recommend this product.Great product!A great product. Highly recommended.It's a little small but I like it.for the price, this is an excellent buy/phone...My grandson enjoyed receiving his phone made me proud that he enjoyed it this muchgood for mp3 playernot badVery goodThese phones are cheap and goodThe buttons were way too small to use effectivelyIt is a little confusing to me.Very happy with my purchase. Good price and quick shipment.very good.goodnice phonegreat dealThe buttons are too small.Bought for gift, graciously acceptedvery Good. but low batteryBetter than I expected. Good quality at affordable pricesthe letters are too smallLove this phoneGood phone for only 5$! :Dworks greatgood productWorks perfectly!!great price, good product, shipped no problemMy son was stoked to get this phone. Sorry to say that it has a hard time getting signal anywhere and drops calls.very goodGoodGreat backup phone!GoodGreat product. Great dealer.very good!!!high caliberNice productOK but keys are too smallPerfect simple phone for calls and texting.Nice and cheap, reliable phone. Loved.Can't beat that priceGreat Product. Arrived in a timely matter.can't do better, for the price-------What a nice and cheap phone is this!!!excelenteit was a wast of money and did not have minutes on at all so if i was you don`t buy it you need a phone card for itLove this tracfone. Put music on the scan disk card last night and the audio player works great! I picked this phone because I like qwerty board, bar style and this plays music and has a built in radio. You can buy monthly plans for ten bucks a month. One of the best bargains out there! My favorite phone other than the iPhone and it works great! For a lot less moneyIt is very good nice quality and I would recommend this!My wife loves this phone because it is so much easier for her to do text messages than her previous tracfone. Works well.I like the phone for $4.99, I like the new phones with bigger numbers. I wish they were $4.99.It came in a box completely in Espanol (fortunately I am bi-linquel), but with another carrier (associated with Tracfone. When I called to transfer my number, no soap, other fees apply. Thought I would upgrade my Tracfone, but it would have been at a significantly higher cost than what I already had, so back it went.Some minor complaints about the volume placement makes it easy to accidentally decrease the volume and miss calls or even more not realize its turned down low and not hear your caller, Im not sure if there is a volume lock on this as I do not own this, it was bought as a gift for another and I am just relaying the only complaints, other than that it is a good phone.actually it has triple minutes not double if your planning on buying it and flashing first of all its hard to flash and second of all even if you do im not sure its gonna work because tracfones are double encrypted even if you unlock it might not recognize the sim do your researchI didn't activate this phone, I bought it to repair daughter's phone. She cracked her screen and this phone became the repair part!Unit is locked to tracfone service only. Unlocking services cannot source unlock codes for this phone. Arrived in timely manor as promised and it looks nice, I am just not willing to switch carriers to make phone work.I bought this phone to replace a smartphone that was costing a ton each month. I wanted three things in a new phone: keyboard and call quality, long battery life, and large mp3 capacity. The EX431 delivered my expectations, and far more. First, the call quality is amazing. I forget I'm on a cell sometimes. I don't know how much of that is due to T-Mobile, but this phone has crystal-clear calls. For texting, the keyboard is more than adequate, and the keys have a rubberized finish that's nice to the touch. The software for texting is a little less than intuitive, you have to learn to get used to the phone's menu-based texting functionality. Once you do, it's no big deal. Second, this battery life could give the Energizer bunny a run for his money. I can listen to mp3's at work all day, and use maybe 20% of the battery. My old smartphone had to get a pick-me-up charge during the day just to make it through, and then a nightly charge. On standby, the phone will last for 6+ days. Third, mp3 capability. This phone really delivers as an mp3 player. Using decent Sony earbuds, I get near-Walkman sound quality, including some decent bass. The phone has equalizer settings, so you can adjust the sound within limits to your liking. Where the phone really shines is the player software. The included Media Player has a Now Playing feature, that you can set to randomly choose files to play. You must first index your music, (Media Player | Refresh Library). It takes about 10 minutes to index 3700 mp3's. Once indexed, set the shuffle mode (Media Player | Settings | Player Settings | Shuffle = ON). The phone accepts up to a 32GB micro SDHC card, I added a 32GB cheapo card from Micro Center to my phone, and it worked without a hitch in the Motorola. Some reviewers report adding a 32GB card doesn't work, but likely they did not FORMAT the card after adding it (My Folder | chip name | Options - Format). Once the card is in, you can directly hook the phone's USB to your computer, and the Motorola will pop a USB config screen up. Choose "Mass storage" for you PC to recognize it as an external drive. Internet browsing is not this phone's forte, it has a limited ability to work with mobile sites. I can check my webmail with it, but it's painful to try to read it on the small screen. Text entry fields are non-intuitive, you have to cursor to them and hit the center button, and a menu will come up to allow you to type text in the web page field. To conclude, after a month with the phone, I have no regrets and I'm convinced I got a good deal on a great phone. If smartphones and web browsing aren't for you, you'll be well served with this little champ from Motorola.I bought this phone and have Tracfone service through T-Mobile. Everything is fine with this phone and the sound quality is comparable to a landline, which is much better than my former Motorola W376 phone that had ATT as its carrier. Even the small qwerty keyboard is fun, and I dial numbers with my eyes closed from the sense of touch. The big problem for me, since I love to take photos and send them to either other people or an e-mail, is that it will only send postage stamp photos, about 1 1/2 inches by 1 inch. The phone's largest size is 2 mb, and if sent to another phone, it is shrunk to 1 mb and will not open up to fill the screen. Same with e-mail. I kept thinking, they've got to be kidding. This is a joke. The former W376 would send a small image to e-mail, but then open up to a large enough picture to be viewed and printed as a 4 x 6 print. So, I don't if it's my phone, or T-Mobile stinks. Tracfone tech support was unable to help, so there's no solution. Has anyone else had trouble with sending photos with this phone?Is this able to be used as a government funded phone? In WI, safelink its the carrier. I know the LG 306 is able to, but the price is higher and it doesnt have the actually buttons. Motorolla does have excellent call quality!For the most part this is a good phone for the money. One complaint--the currency converter. Customer service could not help at all to instruct in how to operate this function and they were not able to find ANY instructions from the company. If you need this function, don't buy this phone.After 10 days, I found it to be so glitchy as to be essentially useless, and I'm returning it. Two big problems: (1) Incoming calls from callers in my contact list are sometimes, apparently randomly, incorrectly identified or not identified at all; (2) appointment alarms can not be set for more than about 12 hours in advance. Also: no notepad; calculator is very basic and hard to use; MP3 player is loaded with bugs.Good phone for the price.very goods. thanksDecent phone for a decent price. Gets the job done! Its also a pretty good mp3 player too!Do yawl have a case to fit this phone cheap I really love to have one for it under $10Small rubber buttons are prone to fast wear. Cumbersome keyboard inferior to the 9650 bold. Cheap Motorola wish I had bought a Samsung.This phone is crap. Doesn't get good reception and the speakerphone is useless. Serves me right for straying from LG. Motorola is a joke. Avoid this phone, you'll be sorry if you don't.I love windows phones & have had 3. It's like having my work computer with my Microsoft account with me all the time. I can access my mail & Onedrive etc. THIS phone just arrived... I charged it, turned it on & its already way too hot. The touchscreen is not working properly. I'm not happy that I can't zoom or swipe. This phone can't upgrade to 10 (which is the only platform Microsoft is going to continue support on). Wth?! Okay, I only paid $50 & have an iPhone but I wanted this to have as work back up & I wasn't ready to give up on my windows phone even though Microsoft is. Okay so I did a restore & an update. Seems to be okay now but still running hot.I love this phone! I love the Windows Phone live tiles and customizability. My previous Lumia 925 finally gave in to the abuse after I dropped it for the 7,547th time (approximately). Got this used 920 as a replacement. I absolutely adore the 32GB. The phone is noticeably heavier and thicker than my dear old 925, so does not slide as easily into a pocket, but is otherwise excellent.For an almost 2 year old phone, it still feels pretty darn modern! I've had one since it came out, and I bought one for my husband back in February because he was sick of all the issues with his Samsung and Motorola Android phones: poor bluetooth connectivity, constantly freezing, poor battery life, he always complained that it felt cheap (like it was about to fall apart, from day one), apps always crashing, frequently rebooting itself. The list goes on. We both love Windows Phone 8, and even upgraded to 8.1 under the Developer Preview program. It's fast, reliable, and smooth. You really have control over the bulk of the phones functionality, including what apps can run in the background. Mine, as I said is 1.5~ years old, and the battery is just as reliable (maybe a little more so with recent updates) as when I first got it, and I use it pretty heavily on a daily bases, especially when traveling. I have never once placed a screen protector on it, because I hate how they make the phone/screen look. I have had people knock it out of my hand, kittens run across it full speed with claws out, dropped keys on the screen (accidentally when putting them in the search-bin at the airport), and it only has 1 scratch on the screen. Just one, that you can only see at the right angle. We both love this phone, and plan to get the next "version" of it when it comes out (hopefully towards the end of the year; Bing/Google Nokia Goldfinger or Nokia Mclaren). This is a true Nokia phone; it breaks the floor, not the other way around.I really like this phone. It feels good on my hands, it doesn't feel cheap. The camera is alright, although not as great at the 1020. It took about 3 hrs to update it to the current operating system but now works great. One major downside to windows phones is the lack of apps.My parents were up for upgrading their phone and decided to get this since AT&T didn't have the 925 or 928. The camera is gorgeous. The screen is gorgeous as well. Back of the phone is a bit slippery, but it's acceptable. Phone is a bit wide, but I'm just being picky at this point. The fact that it has Chinese and ease of use were the reasons for the purchase.Excellent condition. Had to do a full system restore because the phone hadn't had it done. Way better than my old ZTE Android (1 year old) as far as speed, touchscreen reaction time, and storage capacity. The only draw back is lack of applications in the Microsoft store. Works great for business use.I would give this phone a better rating however after the second week it started to over heat and then the screen would randomly lock and I would have to restart the phone repeatedly to even get it to work again yet even through the best efforts of myself and several other people working for a phone repair center still couldn't get it to work and now I use it as a paper weight on my desk as a reminder to not trust that phone type ever again.Gift for my wife repkacing her old phoneWow! I love it. Was worried about it being too big and heavy. Since many reviews said this. Are you kiddin me ? It is the perfect size and weight! Phone OS is fresh and fast! Nokia did nice job with the hardware. MIcrosoft did good job with the OS. A great phone! Georgeous!Love itCan't believe I got this perfect phone so cheap. Got it as a back up and it's still a good buy.Solid phone. good battery life. use almost all day work listening to music(6+ hours) and have never had go below 65% battery on a full change. Camera is so good.(even better with the amber update and no that Nokia gave the 920 the Lumia 1020 software). Solid windows phone.. the one con is still a growing app store but its getting there. and really all it missing is instagram. But if your looking at windows phones you probably don't care about instagram to much.Love this phoneHad my eye on this phone for awhile now but was waiting for the price drop. Wish i would not have waited so long! My previous phone was a Samsung focus and this is so much better. Great camera, quality feel, much better touch response.I love my lumia 920. I'm a devoted fan of the Windows Phone. I had a Samsung before the Lumia, and while it was great, the Nokia was a gigantic upgrade. The features that are integrated with the Nokia as opposed to any other brand (GPS/Drive, music, photo editing, etc) are vastly superior.This phone came in great condition, exactly as described, and shipped fast. Took it to a local AT&T store, got it setup in 15 minutes. Love this phone! (I had an iPhone 4s - and just switched to Windows Phone).I loved this phone!!The Sim slot did not work.I love it !!! Camara is awesome. Arrived on time ,exactly what it wanted ,slipped my sim card and boom ready to goexcellent smartphone for the price. There are costlier newer Lumia models, but at this price is an excellent deal as the features are essentially the samegreat phone,,,,,Anything would have been an upgrade from my old phone (Galaxy S1), but I really like this windows operating system and the phone seems to be lighting fast and easy to operate.We got it for our daughter. Her phone was outdated, and she uses it all the time. Shipping was quick and setup was easy. I hope it continues to perform for years to come.Love this phone. Built like a tank. App store is lacking but that's not Nokia's fault.The phone itself is great. It's a bit of a porker, but the added weight felt great in my hand. The favorite aspect of the phone was it's ability to take great low-light pictures. I really had no problems with the phone per se, but I had a problem with the paucity of apps.I have used my phone 1 months, everything is ok. There is just some issue, for example when I enable 3G and disable it, after a some hours when I enable 3G again, there is no 3G signal I have to restart the phone and it's ok. After many times, I know how to enable 3G without restart the cell phone. Another issue is that there is sometime, the phone is lag when running application. I think these issues caused by rom. Hope that these will be fixed in the w 7.8 Trung.I love the phone so much my fianc had me buy one for him!My brother had been raving about Windows phones for awhile, and I finally have in. Best decision ever! I was a bit nervous because I know Nokia is soon releasing Windows 8 phones. However, I truly love this phone so much that I don't care if won't be the most updated. It is very easy to use and is just the right size.It has had various issues from the beginning and now it has just died permanently. 1. The speaker doesn't work very well - I have to put phone calls on speaker for people to hear me (this also DRAINS power). 2.The inside of the phone joggles around - like its not all attached or its shell is too big for whatever crap is inside. 3. People also couldn't hear me on the other end of the call; both of my parents refused to speak to me while I was in the car driving because the background noise was too much. Many many conversations ended out of frustration from yelling the same sentence over and over. 4. Also, it overheated a LOT - anytime I was on Instagram it seemed to be working very hard. I think this is what caused its total breakdown. 5. THE BATTERY was absolute crap!!! If I used it a couple hours it COMPLETELY used up all of the power and then I was waiting around for it to slooowwwwly charge. It became a running joke that my phone was always dead. Charging it in the car only seemed to somewhat keep it from dying, but it never really gained much power. . . .Thankfully it only cost $80.My favorite phone I have had. I like it better than the 1520 I have now. The memory was well worth it! Never had problems with it until I shattered the screen. I highly recommend getting a case, because the phone is slightly heavier than most and thus hits the ground much harder!Screen would lock up, had to shut it off. Sometimes it locks up, has to be shut off. Somewhat disappointed in phone.Good quality item, RecommendedIt's so prettyPhone only works with speaker on. Cant hear anything unless in speaker mode! Very dissapointed!!Wow great phone best phone for the money.This phone is great. Right out of the box, its ease of use and beauty pops. Fast and smooth Windows OS fits perfectly with the design of the Lumia. Sometimes I find myself just staring at the phone. Highly recommend this phone to anyone and everyone. Kudos Nokia and Microsoft.I like the phone very much, but you have to know how to use Windows 8. If you do, then it is great!!It's a nice experience with this windows phone and love to continue with that... stylish, productivity, easy to use and it's a great product...just like the one I broke.A great phone that works well with my Windows platform. Only down side is that the app community is slow to write for it.ExcellentThe problem of windows phone should be attributed to Microsoft. As for Nokia Lumia 920 1. NEVER BROKEN!!!! NEVER!!!Most toughest phone in the world!! 2. Camera and screen are OK. 3. The music is acceptable.I recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't want to be sucked into a contract extension by att. The price offered in Amazon is a lot lower than what you would pay for the same phone at att retail shop (without contract). The seller delivered the product promptly and the product was in great condition.Phone works great for a great price, perfect Christmas present thank you :)Love the phone but the battery life is awful! I am unsure if it is all of these phones or just this particular one but if you read this please send me feedback so I know.I love this phone to death. Just wish I had one in redI love the phone, I just hope windows gets it to support Flash player, also I would recomend buying after Christmas because prices droped two after on the 925 to the same as 920, all in all very good phone.It served its purpose for now.I have used Android phones before, but after moving to this 920, I am sure I will never go back to Android. Best windows phone ever (better than 1520 because 1520 is bulky). :)This phone is the worst phone I have ever used. Unable to add any work or personal emails.It's beautiful.Only WIndows Phone Put People First.But the operating system is not perfact, for example this function Attentive Phone is not available,just like HTC 8X, Hope next update include this feature.Best Camera, best Nokia apps especially navigation and lenses. And of course supported by best mobile OS. I like Facebook, twitter, Bing and few more services integrated right into OS. Gives best user experience.it wasn't what i bought , it ended up being swifters.This is my first smart phone and I love the minimal operating system of Windows 8. It is very easy to manage and isn't cluttered like iphone or android. However, get a case right away. The phone is very slipper and I dropped it from about 2 feet and the whole screen shattered. It is bad design because the glass actually sticks up higher then the phone so it will always contact first. Overall, good experience except for the screen breakingWhen people call this phone they can hear their own voice echoing back at them. Nokia acknowledged this is a common problem with this phone and they suggested turning the volume on the earpiece down. Turning the volume on the earpiece down very low eliminates the echo but it makes it more difficult to hear the other person.This phone does not allow you to purchase any content unless you have an american credit card. When compared with the samsung line of phones which carry Android operating software; this phone has too many restrictions. Otherwise than that, the phone is an attractive phone, light to carry, nice black etc...This product not only came fast, it came ready to use. All parts worked great. I LOVE my new windows phone!!! I was even able to get it unlocked by calling ATT so don't let that stop you from buying!!!!Love my new phone. It's very user friendly. So much fun!!! Wish that I had gotten it sooner. Maybe a little on the heavy side but it's ok.Phone is just as stated on the description. Would purchase from this buyer again!!!!there are more cons then pros...the wifi connectivity , battery back up are very poor. though the product sent was neat and good looking i had the above mentioned serious problemsI ordered this Nokia for my son, my wife and I have one and we were more than pleased with our phones, but the one we received from this supplier shipped a phone that has a major flaw. Its screen has a dark left side and lighter right side, it's faint but very irritating for someone who actually cares about the screen. My son is okay with it but I spent good money on this and was let down. Not very happy and I will not recommend anybody use this vendor. USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK, I learned the hard way.Nice phone,great deal.Not as fancy as the samsung series with all the bells and whistles, but a great phone nevertheless. Now wanting the Nokia 1020Thank you so much!nice** passed my expectations **dont bother with these phones.....THEY ARE TERRIBLEExcellent phone in great condition. It is like new and worth to buy. I like the windows phone. BUT sometimes the phone can not reach the Internet. I don't know the reason and it take me time to restart it.The microphone quality, and the ear phone quality are terrible. Conversation can only be understood if speaker is on. Bing opens at random times and will not close. Anything in progress is lost. I would not have this phone again if paid. I am giving it away to replac e it with android.Excellent phone. This is a great phone, from Nokia except it is not upgradable to Windows 8, can be upgraded to 7.8 No file transfer through Bluetooth.Excellent cell phone. The WP8 works very well, doing a very good job. Very fast, outstanding pictures and Marketplace has all the useful apps.Phone came in and everything looked good. Put in my SIM card and phone and account were immediately blocked by AT&T. Went in to the store and AT&T told me that the phone was reported stolen.loving it, got here sooner then it said it would. The condition is great, a small scratch on the back...but not noticeable...Great product, great buy.I got light blub instead of a phone am very upsetPhone was in good shape and working properly.Call quality, ease of use, screen clarity, responsiveness, syncing: this phone does it all well. If you are a Windows user this is the phone to own. I highly recommend it.Nothing about the product itself, because the phone is a great phone as is the software. This is my second time purchasing this phone. However please use another seller. The seller is misleading and untruthful when he says that this phone can be unlocked to use on other carriers. It cannot. I tried every avenue. Unlocking a phone is a simple thing. However the phone that I purchased from this customer was/is registered to a at&t mobility business customer, so any phones from that business, cannot and will not be unlocked no matter what you try. Best bet is to buy the phone factory unlocked, or from a different seller. Save yourself the hassle and frustration that I went through trying to unlock this phone. Again it is only this specific phone from this specific seller. I have bought another nokia lumia 900 from another seller and had it unlocked to use with tmobile very easily. BUYER BEWARE.In the page, the box and the cover are said to be fine and new while in fact, the box is open, which makes me not sure if it is a new one. Besides, everything is fine except the camera.I've own the Samsung Focus, The Focus S, The Lumia 900 and this beauty. No doubt this is by far the best of the bunch. Windows Phone 8 has definitely improved over it's previous predecessor. The OS is very fluent, smooth and above all fast! Ive owned the iPhone 2G, 3G, 3Gs and 4 and tested the 5. I'll admit Apple has produce very great hardware, some of the finest out there and nothing can compare... Until now. Apple iOS... is starting become a bit dated. The reason, it has static icons, doesn't provide much detail or information. With Windows phone, it offers live tiles, allows me to see what I need without the need of going into the app. Live updates definitely is a time saver. Another example why I prefer the windows Phone, it could be a minor detail to some, is searching through apps and contact list. Lets say I want to scroll to the bottom of my contacts or apps list. All i would do is hit the letter and touch Z which will take me to the bottom of the list. These are one of the many minor details in the Windows phone OS that I enjoy so much and why I prefer it over iOS. The lack of this on the iPhone gives me the sense that Apple is failing to keep up with the times. The hardware on the Lumia 920. If you're coming from an iPhone, it's definitely going to take some time getting use to. I would say the Lumia 920 is a hunky piece of hardware, but once you're use to the larger screen. You'll begin to question why you've stayed on a 3.5 screen or even 4 inch all this time. The screen on the 920 is just gorgeous. It's clear and crisps compared to the Lumia 900. It's on par or even better than the iPhone 5, but definitely an upgrade from the Lumia 900. The camera is touted as one of the best and I'll agree with that statement. Compared to the iPhone 4/4s, This phone knocks it out of the ball park. I haven't directly compared the iPhone 5 to the Lumia 920's camera but from what I recall the iPhone 5 and 4s are very similar when I compared the two. I think the camera on the Lumia 920 captures more detail as oppose to the iPhone 4s. The flash on the Lumia 920 isn't as bright as the iPhone 4s but it does get the job done. Sometimes on the 4s, The flash causes the picture look washed out mainly because of too much lighting. Aesthetics and feel of the hardware. I've held the iPhone 5, it's a beautiful device, very light, clean, well designed, very impressive with what Apple did. The Lumia 920 on the other hand, I can could almost say the same but entirely in a different way. The curved gorilla glass display of the Lumia 920 adds elegance and beauty unlike any other phone on the market. It's Solid, thick and heavy but the curved back of device allows it to sit comfortably in your hands. It feel as if it was as thin as the iPhone 5. Some of my peeves about the Lumia 920. The lack of Bing maps, Nokia maps just doesn't do it for me. Doesn't offer voice command inputs something I would recommend while driving. I've been hearing Nokia maps will be the standard mapping app for all windows phone 8 device. I just hope with future updates that Nokia will offer voice command in all aspect of their mapping software. The weight of the phone need to be reduce, it's a heavy device. I'm sure some people would be bothered by this. Having it on your pocket all day could get bit annoying. Also I like to mention is the lack of notification center. Which I think is pretty important, it's smart to have a notification center and Apple recognized this and added it in on iOS 5.0. I'm a bit surprised MS didn't add this into WP8 but ill leave this to Microsoft to handle and not Nokia. Bottom line is the Lumia 920 can do anything the iPhone 5 can do it (hardware wise). You might hear the lack of software, but the selection is rapidly growing. To the average user all the popular apps are there. This is definitely the time to switch if you've been considering a Windows Phone.This is a great phone so far. The Live Tiles are functional and provide tons of "at a glance information" (ESPN scores, new message notifications, etc). In addition the low light performance of the camera is the best of any cell phone I've used. The Nokia apps are actually fun/useful, so far I've played with Nokia Maps with turn by turn voice navigation and a fun app called Cinemagraph that allows you to create slick animated gifs right on the phone. In the apps store, I've found many of the apps I've used on my prior android phone: Endmondo, mmyfitnessplan, Yelp, Amazon,Kindle, BigOven, BankOfAmerica,KeyRing,Flashlight,Linkedin, oneNote, and Tweetcaster to name a few..Plus I have Office Apps and native integration with Office365/SharePoint sites..Every day I discover something new about this phone. For example, there is a native capability to take screenshots on the phone, before I needed an app for that. Overall I am pleased. The main downside of the phone (to me), is that I miss my SWYPE keyboard I had on my Samsung Infuse. Hopefully this is coming soon.*UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM* I switched from the iPhone 4 to Lumia 920 so if you're in the same situation and deciding whether to try a different OS/phone hopefully this review aids you in making a decision. I've been an iPhone user for a few years now starting from the 3GS and upgrading to the iPhone 4. I skipped the 4S in anticipation of the iPhone 5 but for me, it didn't seem like too big of a change (played with my brother's iPhone 5 for a bit) so I ended up keeping the iP4. The iP4 did everything that I wanted in a smartphone; I am not a heavy user but used it for your basic text, email, web/media browsing, and used a handful of apps, along with a jailbreak to customize certain features. But I was itching to try something new and the Lumia 920 piqued my interest. Since I'm into DSLR photography the PureView camera and optical stabilization intrigued me. I've done a few test shots and overall, the quality is great, especially with low light capture, and the optical stabilization is a great feature. As of now (Nov. 14, 2012) there is some talk of soft photos but nothing extreme, and it seems that Nokia is working on a software update to fix this issue. The half-press of the camera button engages auto focus and the optical stabilization kicks in, just like a DSLR, so usability is excellent. You can also adjust certain settings such as ISO and EV for more creative control. The overall build quality is superb, but with Nokia, that's pretty standard. The screen is bright and beautiful and watching HD content is a pleasure. The matte finish of the black feels great and looks sophisticated, but of course for the more adventurous there are more color options to choose from. The main critique of the phone was it's weight and coming from the iP4, it basically feels the same. Of course, if you're comparing it the iP5 or some of the other smartphones it may feel a lot heavier. Personally, I like having the weight as it feels more comfortable to hold and use. Your mileage may vary, but honestly, the weight issue is completely overblown. I was a little worried about the feel of the user interface on Windows Phone 8 after using iOS all these years. But after trying it out, it was pretty much second nature since the general feel and UI is similar to iOS. The customizable live tiles are great for organizing your home screen and keeping you up to date with what you want (and removing things you don't want.) The overall Windows Phone 8 OS is super smooth and quick compared to what I was use to on my iP4, which I already thought was nice and quick. I'm sure that there may be a few nitpicks and features not yet included that may bother certain users and for me, that one feature is the lack of a notification center. It seems that Microsoft couldn't include it in time and hopefully they'll push out an update that'll add this feature. The one thing about switching to the Windows platform that may bother users is of course app selection. It really isn't as bad as others make it out to be though and I would say that 90% of the main apps found on iOS/Android are found on the Microsoft store. Some apps may not be as fully featured (yet) but hopefully with the push of the Windows 8 ecosystem developers will start concentrating more on this platform. As I've read, developers are liking how easy it is to work on the platform so I wouldn't be surprised if in the near future the Microsoft marketplace will become just as robust as it's competitors. If all you download are gaming apps, then I would say that the Apple store definitely has the edge right now. The Apple store does has a lot of junk apps, but if you're looking for variety, the Microsoft marketplace still falls behind in that category at the moment. Personally I don't do a whole of gaming so that doesn't bother me but it may bother others. For any other app, they'll most likely be found on the Windows platform or there'll be a similar app that performs the same functions (and may even be better.) I haven't used the Nokia Music player too much but one glaring feature missing is the ability to scan through a song; you can only fast forward. This can be a deal breaker for some who like to use their smartphone as their sole music player. But other than that, controls are intuitive and the user interface is very solid. Some final points about the phone; the wireless charging is a great feature. Since I always lay my phone down on my computer desk, I can now just plop it down on the charging plate on the desk and it'll charge without fiddling with any cables. Sure it would only takes a few quick seconds to plug a cable in but it's small features like this that add to the phone. Battery life is decent and a full day with normal text, email, web/video browsing, and gaming use I'll be at around 40%. In standby I don't notice the battery draining super quick. There does seem to be some complaints right now of battery drainage but I haven't noticed anything out of the ordinary. Since I'm still new to the phone and constantly playing with it, I'm sure the battery usage can be better if I just used it normally. If you are heavily into the Apple ecosystem it may be a bit tougher to change to a different platform. But the iPhone 4 was my only Apple product so the switch wasn't troublesome by any means. In the end, I have no regrets in changing from the iPhone 4 to the Lumia 920. Sure there may be a few things missing but nothing that I can't adjust to and nothing bad enough to not warrant a review less than five stars. It's a superb phone with an equally amazing OS and using it is a pleasure. Silky smooth, great handling, and easy usability. Microsoft has the resources to make this platform work so I'm not too worried about updates, etc. I also remember my first mobile phone being the Nokia 5110 which was pretty much the equivalent of the iPhone back in the day (in terms of popularity.) Nokia makes great products so I'm not worried about the reliability or quality. Hopefully more users step out of their comfort zones to try something different. I'm glad I did and do not regret my decision at all. *UPDATE (11/25/2012)* I've owned this phone since launch and after using it daily for 2 weeks I have to downgrade my review from 5 stars to 4 stars. The main problem as reported by others is the battery. The first day or two after launch I had no problem with battery drainage. But after a while, I noticed random significant battery drainage during idle. Sometimes I would lose up to 20% in one hour without any change in settings or apps. I tried turning off some features such as NFC, Wi-Fi, etc. but the random battery drainage would continue. Checking the battery setting, I would sometimes get around 15 hours of battery time remaining at 100% and sometimes at around 70% I'll get 11 days of remaining battery time. It seems all over the place. Also, sometimes while charging the battery, it would randomly stop charging. On one occasion I left the phone plugged into the USB charger overnight and when I woke up it was below 10% since it had stopped charging. Another time I used the wireless charger and it did the same thing. I also noticed that the back of the phone would sometimes get abnormally hot while using it and/or charging. I'm aware that using the phone and/or charging can put a load on the battery but it got uncomfortably warm, something I never encountered while using my iPhone 4. Another thing are the live tiles. They're great but seem to work randomly. I know that certain apps only update in certain intervals but the OEM loaded Weather Channel app doesn't seem to update anymore until I go into the app. I had no problems with the app for the first week or so and haven't changed any settings regarding that app so I have no idea what could be wrong with it. There seems to be some problems with the overall OS/firmware that needs to be addressed at this point. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. Fortunately I have access to a battery charger during my day to day use so I can charge it when I need to, but if you rely on having long battery life without the option of being able to readily charge it, it could be a problem. I really hope Nokia/Microsoft push out an update that fixes this issue soon. *UPDATE (12/03/2012)* Just another update. It's been about a month since I've been using the phone and I still love it. After letting the battery discharge completely once, the battery performance seems to be better and more consistent. I did have one random reboot but generally speaking, in my day to day use, I haven't had any problems. I've gotten so use to the smoothness and speed of the OS that when I sometimes use my iPhone 4 it just doesn't feel like it reacts as quickly. I did originally dock a star after I noticed the battery problems but have bumped it back up since it seems to have stabilized. There are still a handful of apps that I'd love developers to put more effort into or create on the WP8 platform, but for most things I've find other apps or workarounds. I still don't have any regrets on this phone purchase and will update if I have anything else to add. *UPDATE (06/27/2013)* So it's been over half a year and I'm still using and enjoying my Lumia 920. Over time, there's been a few updates and a lot of official apps are starting to hit the marketplace making the user experience better. I'm still eagerly waiting for the Windows Phone Blue update later in the year/next year which should bring a lot good features such as double-tap to wake, FM radio, and hopefully a notification center. Still, at this point in time, my experience using WP8 has overall been good having switched from using iOS for 5+ years. However, just the other day my Lumia 920 developed a vertical cyan line running down the left-hand side of the screen. It seems that several other users have had this problem occur, although they reported it much sooner after buying the phone. I'm sure I could send it out to Nokia but having the downtime is too much of a hassle. For now I'll have to live with it and since new LCD's are going for around $50 I may just go ahead and replace it on my own if it gets to be too much of an annoyance. Nevertheless, I'm disappointed. I know problems can occur but all the previous smartphones I've owned had no problems within the 2-year contract I usually sign up for and to have this phone malfunction within half a year leaves a bad taste. *UPDATE (02/12/14)* There's been a lot of updates to Windows Phone and the latest updates have added some nice features such as "glance", "double-tap" to wake, etc. The upcoming 8.1 update that'll include a notification center and quick settings should make the OS overall much more solid. After a year and a half the OS has progressed nicely. A lot of apps have been releasing and that void is still filling up nicely. Although, there is still a lack of good support from all developers as iOS and Android still get priority in terms of features. I still feel that WP8 is a great OS and it's evolving nicely but I've personally been aching to switch back to iOS. The breaking point is pretty much that the Lumia 920's camera has now malfunctioned, causing a black screen with unresponsive buttons. A hard reset has done nothing so now the only option would be to get it fixed/replaced. The camera was one of the main selling points of getting this phone so it's a shame. With only a few months left on contract and a slew of new phones coming out, I've pretty much decided to switch back to iOS or try Android at this point. Like I've mentioned before, I've had no problems with my previous smartphones (iPhone 3GS and 4) but in the close to two years of owning this Nokia, the LCD screen has failed and now the camera. I know there'll be a few more manufacturer choices if I wanted to stay with WP8 (Samsung and Sony should have WP8 phones soon), but Nokia is suppose to be the high-end and all these problems leave a bad impression. I've docked a star, making the original 4-star to a 3-star rating for the Lumia 920 because of these problems. It was fun while it lasted and maybe down the road I'll try Windows Phone again since it really is a solid OS.I've been eagarly anticipating the next Windows Phone. This Nokia is that. First, I'll list my past devices (you need to know what I'm basing this review off of) *Blackberry Curve (Blackberry) *Palm Treo 750w (Windows) *iPhone 2G (iOS) *iPhone 3gs (iOS) *Samsung Captivate (Android) *HTC Inspire (Android) *Samsung Focus (Windows Phone 7) *Samsung Infuse (Android) *HTC Vivid (Android) *HTC Titan 2 (Windows Phone 7.5) *iPhone 4S (iOS) *Samsung Galaxy S3 (Android) *Nokia 920 (Windows Phone 8) If you look at that list, you'll see a lot of different devices, but you'll see 2 earlier flagship Windows Phone devices too. I tried each instance of Windows Phone on the best one available for my network at the time. Early on, I knew this OS had promise. I'm sure its not for everyone, but I have found it to be just as stable and reliable as iOS. It is not as customizable as Android, but well more so than iOS. And honestly, its customizeable enough. No widgets, but the live tiles take care of that. This phone is faster and has a better battery life that EVERY other phone I've ever used. The processor is about average for devices of the day, so I can only assume it uses its resources more efficiently. The phone seems to always know where I am; with Android and iOS devices, they can sometimes take a few seconds (as much as 30-45) to locate you (with Android, because I turned off location to save battery life, with iOS, just because it doesn't track as well). This phone always knows where I am, right away. The mapping software is better than AppleMaps, by a lot, and as good as google maps. I haven't had issues with Nokia's voice guided navigation software, except for a few bugs in the beginning that a software update solved. I get a full 18 hours of use out of this phone if I limit my useage. If I just use the phone like there's no tomorrow, I'll get at least 10. Better than any other smartphone I've used. The screen is beautiful. Higher pixel density than Apple's Retina display, and you can tell. Beautiful. I don't know what other reviewers are talking about blacks looking gray. Not on my screen. Everything looks crisp and clear with amazing colors. Its made out of a nice polycarbonate rubberized plastic. That I like. Doesn't scratche and doesn't get fingerprints. I've dropped it a few times, still works like champ. Definitely feels like a premium phone...more so than the Galaxy S3, less than the iPhone. Still has that Gorilla Glass that's so hard to break. Camera is excellent, but more on that later. About 3 weeks into ownership an OTA upgrade improved it dramatically. Now I would say 'excellent'. No grainy-ness during the daytime. Amazing at night. Better than the iPhone 5. PHONE CONS: Its big and clunky. Switching from the Galaxy S3, its like goinging from a Ferarri to a Mercedes S500. Small and sleek to Big and Boat Like. I got used to it...I'm a big guy, which means big hands and a large frame. That means big pockets too. The size didn't bother me after a while. It'll probably bother you for a little longer, but you'll get used to it too. I was pretty disappointed with the camera when I got it. Nokia overhyped it, but primarily the camera was down right bad in daylight; downright grainy. Very good in low light, but still really disappointing in the day time. That has since been fixed by a firmware update. Windows Phone 7 and 7.5 were betas...and like Microsoft has in the past, they tossed that out into the world onto an unsuspecting public. Even then it had promise. Anyone who uses it freely with an open mind will see that. It is the only phone OS that I've used that is only as complicated as you let it be. Windows Phone 8 is excellent, still not perfect, but better than everything else out there. The appstore has some growing to do. You'll find it lacking in Games, a lot of the games are oriented towards the 'killing time' area rather than the 'killing zombies' area. I would love to see a good first person shooter. If you switch over, you can count on missing about 4 apps. They'll probably be different for you than the apps I miss. I am confident the apps will come. I was missing `Pulse News Reader,' for about 2 months. Now there's something similar, an app I can only refer to as a Pulse-knock-off. Just as good though. There are some quirks with Windows Phone 8 that are infuriatingly annoying, like not very many colors for my tiles...I don't understand why I can't have all the colors of the rainbow. Also, limited notification sounds. Also, I would say that multitasking features for Windows Phone 8 are excellent, but would be better with a full-blown notification center (something you slide down to reveal recent notifications). It's a bit clumsy as it is now. I wouldn't mind changing the font...but that's difficult on an unmodified OS for all of them. I would also like to make smaller than the smallest. I have good vision, I want small print. Anywho, its awesome, I think you'll love it. Give it a try. This was a long review. I hope it was helpful.This phone is really good and one of the best in the market. I say one of the best not as a subjective matter or personal preference. If you were to pick a category and compare it, it will rate high on most and will come on top in a few others (ex. camera and video). Feel Quality and Design. The phone is really beautiful. I have got compliments from many people. It is not WOW, nor flashy (at least the black version); it is just elegant and clean. To be honest, I wasn't really sold on its design until I owned it. Even at the store I wasn't able to completely appreciate it. For me only the iphone 4 and 5 are as beautiful; That said, many people use covers/cases making the the whole design thing go out the window. Why craft so beautiful phones when you get to hide them under a case. To each its own. If you are careful, no need for covers, but anyway. It feels really good, durable, sturdy, not cheap at all. The iphone feels good too, but it tends to scratch easier than this one. Some HTCs feel good too, but their soft touch material gets dirty, so for feel, I would say this one and the iphones are on top. The only cons are its size and weight, but just in the beggining. You get used to it, believe me. My favorite phone of all time was the Motorola Razr V3. Not a smartphone, but almost the perfect size and weight. I was hesitant to go bigger than a 4" screen, but I cave just to have the best Nokia was offering and because I wanted a windows phone. After a week, it becomes second nature and it doesn't bother me anymore. Camera and Video: Bar none, simply the best, especially at night and shooting video. My whole family are iphone and apple fans. For them to admit my phone took better pictures than their iphone 5 was huge. I thought they would have said its ok and move one, but they were actually impressed which speaks volume. Look at videos shot with the 920, there are several on youtube. The excellent camera and video hardware is the reason why the phone is heavier than most. I started to enjoy taking pictures when I got this phone. I never thought I was going to get into a phone because of its camera, but now that I have it, I am glad. Display: It is really good. I'm sure it may not be technically the best out there, but it is high resolution, high pixel density, blah blah blah; it is just very good. From the user perspective, this won't be a reason why not to buy this is phone, it is as good any other out there. You can use leather gloves with this phone, I have tried it and it is useful for me when in bad weather. Performance: Smooth and fast. Probably the fastest interface in the market, but that is due to Windows Phone, not so much the hardware. My previous phone, Samsung Focus was also fast with lesser hardware specs. One difference is when opening apps, Nokia's is faster and web surfing is a breeze. Battery: It seemed to have a break in period. Initially, for the first few days, it didn't hold past 16 hours of normal use. Some people where complaining about it. I also got one of the first phones back in November so they may have revised that. However, now, I charge it every other night with normal use. I usually have GPS and NFC turned off, screen brightness set to low, and I don't watch video on my phone except for rare ocassions. I turn LTE on and off as i am usually on wifi at home and office, so Wifi is always on. Bluetooth is always on. If i were to set everything on, I am sure I'll get a full day's charge with no problem. Software/OS: I fell in love with windows phone since I bought the first Samsung Focus that came with Windows Phone 7.0. I never liked Windows mobile. I can't remember what make me choose it in the first place. I remember I didn't want an iphone because everyone had one, and, at the time, didn't have many cloud features and integration that I wanted. I did, recognize at the time, it was the best smartphone on the market overall. I also didn't like you had to use itunes for everything. I was too close to buy an Android. What shy me away was that the interface had some lags and it lacked software upgrades. Google could not push upgrades unless you had the nexus. So I took a look at the focus, it looked good and fluid, and I liked the fact the everything I used (email, outlook at work, facebook, calendar,xbox, etc) all integrated in the phone and in the cloud and were not app dependent, so I took a leap of faith and never looked back. You really don't know how good windows phone is until you use it. Live tile is great, all the information comes to you, so you don't need to go into every individual app. You can customize the tiles in any way you want, what works for you. I don't even have to go past the lockscreen to see what's next on my calendar, check the weather, and whether I have a new email or not. They say it doesn't have a zillion apps and it is true. People talk about apps like quantity is what matters. Most of the good apps are in Windows Phone. For example, they may have the official facebook app + 3 copycats; iOS may have 15 copycats and Android 20. So it is easy to say the windows have only 4 apps, iOS 16 and Android 21. In pure numbers, Android wins, but how many facebook apps do you need? Even though there is a facebook app, you don't need one, becuase it is integrated with the phone. I don't remember an app I needed that I couldn't find except for the official Formula One timing app only available on ios, android and blackberry. The OS has many great features but you can look it up by yourself. Nokia support is great and they have some exclusive apps you will not find in any other phone, which makes it a plus. Don't be or believe a naysayer. the Iphone 4 and 5 are great phones. Some Android phones are great phones. If Windows and Nokia are not your cup of tea, it is fine, that is your choice. All I know is of all the people who try Windows Phones and especially the Nokia 920 fall in love with it. I told my girlfriend she should get an iphone since it is a great phone because it is tried and true and could be easier for her (she is not tech savvy) as it doesn't need personal customization. Iphone, it is more plug, dowload and play. Although Windows is easier to you by default, the experience is so much better once you personalize it. She liked my phone so much she went ahead and bought a Nokia 820 as she felt the 920 was too big for her hands. My Dad was bragging about being one of the first with iphone 5 last year, and when I showed my Lumia and what it could do, he was blowned away and wanted to exchange phones with me(not that I would have) and then his excuse to make himself feel better was the he didn't like the square edges of the 920.I didnt buy my phone on Amazon but since I check Amazon reviews before I buy anything, I wanted to add my review here. I loved my old Nokia Lumia 520 but I lost it. I wanted an upgraded version to replace it and this was in my price range. The Pros: This phone is really fast; there is no lag when I open any app. The volume is really loud. The phone is heavy and comparable to an iPhone in feel and design (I hate iPhones). I love the internal storage; you never have to worry about the phone saying that there's not enough room even though you have a 32gb micro sd card installed (that's why I dislike android). The rear-facing camera is actually quite nice (I never use the front-facing camera so I cant comment on it). The Cons: Once in a while, it loses WiFi and I have to either turn WiFi off and on or set it to airplane mode for a minute. When compared to the pros, this doesnt even merit removing a star in my opinion. It's true that Windows phones do not have a lot of apps like google or apple but it has all of the apps that I need as a working professional and a student. If I wanted to play games, that's what a tablet is for. All in all, I love my phone. I will choose Windows over android and apple any day!This Lumia is my first step into the Windows Phone world. And I must say that it blows away Android and iOS. The WP is simple and people who don't like the sometimes childish approach of Android or the boastful attitude of iOS will immediately love it. The Lumia 920 is a serious phone, reminiscent of the business concept of the E series. Apart from being gorgeous, it feels very solid. Ergonomically the phone is a masterpiece. Even the loudspeaker(s) is(are) conveniently located and are loud. I won't reproduce the reviews of others but some comments about the screen, camera and battery. The screen is a marvel as long as you are indoors. Because visibility is very low outdoors even under a cloudy sky. This has a repercussion on the camera. With such low visibility outside, you cannot see anything when you take pictures. It seems the camera has some trouble to focus on some subjects such as flowers or bushes. However once inside and in bright light it is stellar. Close focus is a pure joy. Almost a macro lens. The battery life also leaves to be desired. Otherwise this phone is a wonder. UPDATE: I updated the software to Lumia Cyan. You can now see clearly in bright light via a setting. It feels just like a 930. The camera is secondary if you are used to digital cameras instead. Consequently I give it 5 stars due to its excellent price /quality relation.Rather than go into the same old rundown of all the same features you'll read in every review, I'll give some of my standout experiences after using this thing for a few weeks. The weight issue that has been brought up by all the brainwashed reviewers out there is absurd. I say brainwashed because it's like they have been lead to believe lighter smartphones are always better because that's what Apple strived so hard for with iPhone 5. For me, iPhone5 is too light (I've had occasion to handle it quite a bit). My last phone was pretty light, and I hated the fact that when it slipped out of my pocket I could easily not even notice due to this fact. The Lumia920 weighs a bit more than most other smartphones coming out these days, but it is good weight. You hold the thing, and it feels like a million bucks in your hands. It's not just me; I know everybody wants to tout their smartphone as the best. Many friends, most of whom had pretty much no knowledge of Windows Phone 8 or the Lumia 920's existence (Nokia's advertising is still atrocious here in the US), hold this thing and instantly want one. No exaggeration, they love the feel, they love the screen, they like the tiles and the OS. They want one, and they haven't even gotten a chance to play around with the camera or throw it down on a wireless charging pad. Their iPhones and Androids seem old and tired after they've held it. And with regards to the wireless charging, I know many will think "ahh, don't need that, how long does it take to plug in my phone anyways?" True, you don't need one. But when you have it, it's so damn nice. It's awesome to come into work and be able to just plop your phone down, hear the cool little notification sound that your phone is now charging, and anytime you need to need to get up and go somewhere you just pick it up. It won't be long before Xi chargers can be found in coffee shops / restaurants and whatnot as well. Those are some of my experiences with this phone thus far. Nothing to complain about is this point, and I have yet to find any of its features to not be top notch.I cancelled my online AT&T pre-order, then walked to my local AT&T store to pick up my Lumia 920. I've owned the original iPhone, Motorola Droid, Nexus One, Samsung Focus, and most recently, the Galaxy Nexus. I've also played with the iPhone 5 at my local Apple store, and even contemplated getting it, but they were sold out. I say that to say this...The Lumia 920 is by far the best phone I have ever owned. It feels like a premium product in your hand. I love the feel of this phone. The OS is very fast and fluid, games load quickly, and I can honestly say that I have no complaints in this department (something I hated about Android). Yes, the screen doesn't produce deep blacks like AMOLED displays, but besides that..the screen is top notch. Plus you can use it with GLOVES!! Also, wireless charging and so much more. This phone is a great buy. Believe me. :)Newbie because I've owned only a few smart phones, but a ton of other regular phones. Tough, ruggedized phones, flip phones, regular bar phones. I'm not really hard on my phones, I keep them tucked away or on a bedside table, but it infuriates me about phones that have broken during normal use. I don't live, eat and breathe by my phone. However, I live in a very rural area now, on 20 acres. It's crucial for me to have a working phone with me more often now. As a former web developer, I am no fan of Apple or windows (Microsoft) in particular, (Linux all the way baby). But I am mostly sick of Apple and it's high priced products and exclusivity. Android was okay for me, but still when I suddenly need to accept a call or check a text message, it took a little bit too long for me to get the phone to do what it was supposed to. I feel Android is still not as user friendly as the Apple OS or Windows live tiles. I have played with a lot of newer phones at this point. I don't plan on putting Windows 8 on my PC (Ubuntu instead). But I really like the live tiles Windows has developed for phones. It's a no brain-er for me so far. I received the phone last night. Just charged it up, played a little with all the settings, etc. Today I woke with massive problems with my two dogs. I had to contact my daughter at work, in town, 30 mins away. It was super easy to pick the phone up, in my very frazzled, sleep deprived state, and send her some quick text messages and calls. I like that the live tiles can be three sizes and moved around, and different colors can be chosen. The screen is very responsive but not ultra, stupid sensitive. I am debating whether or not to get a screen protector (can anyone give me a recommendation for this? Necessary or not?). My last samsung phone with a touch screen was very annoying with a protector on it. I eventually ripped it off and just settled on the fact that the darn screen is going to be scratched no matter what. I think this Nokia is a big phone but I like the screen size for checking up on my web site, orders for wood crafting things I make, etc. I am a former photographer also and was attracted to the Carl Zeiss optics. I've owned many CZ lenses for my Nikon in the past and there is no equal. Let's hope that is the same for these CZ phone optics. Sound ability seems awesome. Very easy set up when I got the phone, no issues. Waited 3 weeks at the screaming deal Amazonwireless was offering. Worth the wait. Will write more as I use the phone in coming weeks.This is a fantastic phone! It is very capable, easy to use, and stylish. Here's why. Lumia 920's screen with its brilliant colors is simply gorgeous. Clear Black technology uses dual polarizes to reduce reflections and increase contrast. This makes the screen very easy to see outdoors, with no glare. When indoors, it just makes the contrast that much better, resulting in a more vivid picture. Display brightness is adjusted automatically for the bright-light and low-light conditions (but you can change display settings manually, too). In this model, Nokia went with an IPS screen, which has excellent viewing angles. This comes in very handy when you want to show photos on your phone to a group of people, or if you are taking a photo and need to move the phone high above your head or very low. The screen works together with the body to make this a stylish, eye-catching phone. This phone is very well built with its polycarbonate body and scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass screen. Buttons are ceramic, not plastic. The back of the phone is curved, making it nice to hold. The Gorilla Glass screen is also slightly curved, rather than flat. This makes the finger slide more easily on the screen. All in all, Lumia 920 feels very solid and gives off an impression of a high-end device. A unique feature among modern smartphones is the Super Sensitive Touch Display. This technology allows you to use the touchscreen while wearing gloves. No doubt, a great thing not just in Finland, but any place that has winter. The Windows Phone OS is new and refreshing in the sea of Apple and iOS phones. The live tiles bring real-time data right to the main screen without having to start an app. Live tiles are visually very appealing and can be resized and arranged on the screen to your liking. I find this a far better interface than icons on the other OSs. I can access anything I need with one or two taps. I also like how all my data feeds are integrated into the people hub. I can jump from a friend's text message to the emails I exchanged with them, to their recent facebook updates; their phone numbers and address are right there, too, so that I can quickly call them or even get driving directions. Everything is integrated so seamlessly. Compare this to other OSs, in which each of these actions would require you to start a separate app and navigate within the app. The 8.7 MP, PureView camera is made for taking high quality pictures. Lumia 920 uses Carl Zeiss Tessar optics and has real optical picture stabilization (which works better than digital picture stabilization). The low-light performance is phenomenal. There is a dedicated hardware camera button. Pressing the camera button brings you directly to the camera app. Even from the lock screen! You can half-press the button to autofocus, then press it fully to take a shot, just like with a regular digital camera. Or you can tap on the screen, causing the phone to auto-focus on the object you tapped and immediately take the picture. Fully automatic mode works great, but the phone also offers the full complement of manual settings. Expect to charge your battery every night. This is normal for smart phones. You can charge the phone by simply placing it on a charge pad. No need to connect any wires; also the charge pad with no dangling wires looks neater then a regular charger. If you do want to use a cable to charge, the cable is the standard micro-USB. No need to buy proprietary cables and chargers, like you do with certain manufacturer whose names starts with "a" and is a fruit. When travelling, I can pack just one charge and use it for my Lumia and for my wife's blackberry. There was one thing lacking in all Windows Phones that almost made me stay away from this great phone, but I found a third party program, called Akruto Sync, which fixes it. Windows Phone does not allow synchronization between Outlook and the phone using a USB cable. This means that if you want to edit your phonebook, calendar, or to-do list on your PC (and you do want that, or you'll have to enter your entire phonebook into your new phone by hand), Microsoft expects you to store them on Microsoft's servers in the cloud. This is meant to be more convenient (no wires), but I have no desire to store my personal information on someone else's servers. After much searching I found Akruto Sync, which offers the best of both worlds. It syncs over Wi-Fi or Internet, but your data is stored on your own PC, not on their server. With Akruto Sync, I can enjoy this outstanding phone. Lumia 920 is a top of the line phone with first-class hardware and software. Well done, Nikia!Coming from an iPhone and mostly a mac user for the last 3 or 4 years I was nervous about making the change to Windows 8. I was sick of Apple's closed off walled garden, the fact that they took away excellent maps and replaced them with something completely unusable (buggy and if you live in the city no longer has public transportation info). On top of that they had the arrogance to change their proprietary connector that they forced on everyone and changed it to yet another proprietary connector!!! I got the Nokia 920 and after less than a day of using it I would never even consider going back to an iPhone again! Compared to Windows 8 the Apple system feels like a toy. The maps and nokia apps are awesome and so far I've been able to find any app I've wanted. Software is intuitive and has far more customizable options. I love this phone!I looked at all the offerings and was about to get an iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy III (probably iPhone) if this phone did not deliver. It has everything I need and that is more than the other phones offered. The phone itself is more durable than the others and in my opinion looks better and feels better in the hand. The battery life is very good and performance is excellent. I am a developer and I can contest that the architecture and design both software and hardware are superior to Android and iOS in most regards. No doubt the others will catch up soon but for now WP8 and Lumia are the best of breed. I had let my 8 year old son (a computer wiz) play with the phone and he said it was much better than iOS and Android. When I bought this phone I also bought one for my wife. She quickly gasped why didn't you buy the iPhone? So I told her to go down to the AT&T store and replace the Lumia with the iPhone, no problem for my as I am a very big Apple fan. I had grown up near Silicon Valley, read Steve's bio (excellent), as well as iWoz (another genius) and have Apple products. So my wife went to the store and reviewed the other phones. She came home with the Lumia 920! The phone has performed very well and has survived at least one drop so far. Most of the big applications on the other phones are now also available on WP8. The windows store is also very good and I have had no problems with it as opposed to iTunes and Google's App store.I received my 920 3 days ago and I'm not sure I've put it down since. OS - After tiring of the endless pages of icons ala IOS for 2 years, I was hooked on Windows phone once 7.5 came out. 7.5 was peppy. Windows Phone 8 absolutely screams now that it supports multiple core processors. This is a first class mobile OS in my opinion and has no problem competing with IOS and Android. Plus, it feels alive. Live tiles make the screen jump out at you and it's true, a lot of times you don't even need to fire up an app to get the information you need. But it only (?) has 125,000 some odd apps or so to IOS's 700,000. I've yet to find an app I need that I can't get on Windows Phone 8. It may have a different name than you expect, but this "app deficit" you hear about is nonsense in my opinion. Every major app I can think of is here. Web browsing is awesome. IE on Windows Phone is a million times better than IE on your desktop (they should just use it there too!). All the apps just seem to work together and the integration is fantastic, i.e., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, it all shows up for your contacts. Hardware - You could hammer a nail into a 2x4 with this phone. It feels like it's made of aluminum or magnesium. It's a pleasure to hold and looks amazing. The matte colors especially (blue & black), I'm not a huge fan of the glossy ones (white, yellow, etc.) but that's a matter of personal preference. Gorilla Glass 2, wireless charging, NFC, it's all here as well. It is heavier than an ultralight phone? Yes, in the same way that a Honda is heavier than a Yugo. Is it made of plastic? Yes, in the same way that a bullet proof vest is made of plastic. If you haven't, go look up how this phone does in drop tests / durability tests. You'll be very impressed. One thing about the battery, and I've also read this elsewhere, the first charge runs out abnormally fast, just a few hours, but then it's fine. The battery seems to need to be primed. When you get the phone, fully charge it, then let it fully drain through normal use (I got about 6 hours of charge). Then fully charge, let it drain completely again. By the 3rd time, my phone lasts well over 24 hours on a charge with everything including NFC turned on and plenty of use. So just be aware you need to fully charge / fully deplete the battery a few times. Cons: I'd have to force myself to find some. I noticed Nokia Drive (beta), which is a great turn by turn navigation app exclusive to Nokia, seems to get tripped up a bit when you don't follow it's directions exactly and can take a few seconds to catch up to your actual position again. But otherwise it's great, it has several voices you can download and also lets you download maps ahead of time on wi-fi so you don't have to do it over cellular while you're driving. If I think of any others I'll put them up here. Summary - Pure awesome, highly recommended. You'll love your phone again. UPDATE 11/24 -- After many more hours playing with this phone: The start screen is absurdly customizable. It's literally a blank canvas and you create whatever layout suits you. Whoever came up with Windows Phone 8 was saying "YOU should figure out what your phone should look like, not us". As far as the battery goes, I keep fully charging, fully discharging it, and I'm easily getting a day and a half on a single charge now with everything turned on and quite a bit of use. I'll keep updating.Lumia 920 review after first day of use. Galaxy S3 has a cheap plastic body, and it does not survive road pavement drop test in a Youtube video. Its screen is all shattered. The Lumia 920 survives 3 drops. Yes, the Lumia is heavier, but it has a substantial rock solid feel to it. I got the glossy white Lumia 920. The curved glass with shiny white body is drop dead gorgeous. Every one I show the phone to says it is beautiful. The white one has a European modern lounge feel to it, it looks very nice. The 920 is the same thickness as my old Samsung Focus. It is more pocketable than I thought. It has a much better dimension compare to the 900. The glossy body makes it kind of slippery. I will get a clear case on Amazon later. The screen is gorgeous. It is an IPS panel that shows it color really well, even under the Texas sun at noon time. The resolution is higher density than the iPhone. I cannot see the pixels. Everything is smooth on the screen. It is the only capacitive screen that works when you wear a glove. It is amazing this IPS panel color pops as much as a Samsung super AMOLED screen. The camera is amazing. I will post more samples later. At low light condition its picture is brighter than what the human eye can see. It is the best camera in phones, hands down. I expect the image processing logic will be updated later, because I find the photo is softer than I expect, and Engadget Mariam says she has seen a sharper image processing in a pre-production unit. WP8 runs much faster and snappier than WP7. There are a lot of improvements. The kids corner will be the best feature. There is batch delete in photos now. The AT&T version of the Lumia 920 has traditional Chinese display language as an option, but I have not found a way to install simplified Chinese display language yet. It is just a matter of time some one will figure out how to side load language pack to it. The input language includes simplified and traditional Chinese, including hand writing. The TellMe feature now support multiple languages, such as Taiwan Mandarin, Mainland China Mandarin, and Hong Kong Cantonese. When you drive and get an IM or text, you can ask it to read it for you. Nokia adds some very good apps to the platform, including downloadable offline map and navigation. It also has some cool camera apps. The most interesting one is Cinemagraph. I think the Nokia Music is only for US English songs. It does not have Chinese songs yet. I am very very happy with Nokia fixing most problems in the 900, and makes the 920 a phone that I really love.Dang ...!! This is the real Smartphone. A Well trusted company from mobile ages, classy, elegent design, great build quality, awesome battery life, Smooth Os, Tons of NECESSARY Apps. I was up for an upgrade and was deciding in Lumia 920 or Galaxy SIII. Since i am android fan i was up for Galaxy sIII until i looked at this phone in the stores and the hype it carried before prerelease on youtube. After watching review videos on youtube where in every video lumia 920 outsmarted galaxy SIII ( this is also a great phone :) ) i thought to give it a try. ( Also i was getting bored of Android and wanted a change .. No Not iphone for me ... thats the most dumbest phone i belive) Reasons : WP8 : Stable OS. Can't be compared with Android (Android is in the skies right now ... and W98 is climbing up) yes but the features it carries are awesome and well worth. WP8 is a win..!! Buttery Smooth OS No lag whatsoever unlike Android who made it now when they reached JB. The Ease of the OS is awesome anything you want just pin it and done. One of the best OS out there simply better in this segment than Android and IOS. Microsoft really wants to play it hard to compete GOOGLE and APPLE. Updates are preidic. App Store is less comptetive as compared to Google & Apple Apps Store but all the necessary apps are there. Its increasing dialy .. lot of apps are counted in as such. If you are nto App Frenzy and all the required apps you need, you can get it on Windows App Mkt. BATTERY LIFE: Android phones are awesome however the battery life sucks on those. I had 2 Android Phones i am well aware of it. But there are also reasons for that .. OS is much powerful and thus requires a lot of battery. NOKIA has always been a king in Battery Life. This is my 4th NOKIA phone. ( 3310, N72, N73 and now LUMIA 920 ) I am getting 27hrs of battery life. ( Not Kidding ... M serious) with full use (4g lte, listening music while commuting, facebooking, transit maps and all) I just charge this phone during nights while sleeping thats it. I know few people are suffering from Battery Problem but dont blam the company the phones you may have got are unfortunately are defective. I think 17hrs+ battery life you can easily get on the lumia 920. Just let your phone drain 2-3 times intially and then go to go. NOKIA APPS : The best bundle one can get with WP8 Apps. This is a win. Lots of well trusted, awesome Nokia Apps which are your daily needs is a complete win. MUSIC : This Phones puts other music players and phones to shame. Insanely Awesome. MAPS : Offline navigation Oh boy... What else one needs. Touch Sensitivity is great so is the UI. Also if you are the fan of GOOGLE MAPS .. dont worry You have app Named GMaps which solves your purpose. Please APPLE MAPS cant be compared with these. They Suck. CITY LENS: This is a most innovative app in the mobile industry and is the best. Accurate Judgment. By far the best. CAMERA : Best Camera No Words... Watch Youtube for detailed reviews on this. Low Light Pics.. Now thats a innovation. 1080P Video is just awesome. Nokia has always won in the Camera Segment i had a Nokia N73 with 3.2 mp carl zeis optics. That phone was the king... and had the best camera those days. Apps in Camera : All are good and awesome. If need all the advance settings go with Proshot App its a great App. MEMORY : 32 Gb Internal. Well that was never a concern for me. I personally feel 32gb is more than sufficient for us in our smartphones... unless people really want to put blu ray movies in their phones. I had Samsung Galaxy SII 16gb internal + 16gb External and i never crossed 25gb. So i am okay with it. DISPLAY : The display is gorgeous and PureMotion HD+ display (WXGA (1280  768) is just great. I know as per the CES 2013 all cell phones are coming with 1080p HD Display but still this Display is insanely awesome and does the work it needs to. Galaxy SIII's Display is not as good as Lumia 920s ... Agh.. Iphone .. damn i hardly care about it. I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to try to go with new OS and a Awesome Trusted Smartphone.I can't say enough good things about the Nokia 920. I've been very impressed so far. My last two phones were a Samsung Focus S running Windows Phone 7 which I enjoyed, except for the small amount of good apps compared to iOS and Android. But Windows Phone 8 is next level -- especially with all the quality apps that are now available. Software developers are clearly jumping on board now. Prior to trying the Windows Phone OS I owned an iPhone 3G. The Windows Phone OS, WP8 in particular, is superior to iOS in so many ways. It all starts with the user interface. While iOS and Android use fairly similar desktop based interfaces with icons we've known since the early 90s, Microsoft actually innovated with Windows Phone and created something unique. While I'm not as excited about the smart tile interface on a large desktop screen; it is excellent on a phone, tablet, or smaller laptop. The Nokia hardware itself is very impressive. The phone is responsive and has never crashed on me once -- something I can't say for my iPhone 3GS or Samsung. My only complaint is the phone does feel a bit heavy - but it also has a very nice camera and the battery life is longer than last two phones (even with the new phone using 4G LTE). The Nokia build quality definitely feels sturdier than the Samsung I owned. The Samsung was lighter, but it also felt like cheaper plastic at times. My other complaint with the Nokia is it doesn't appear the battery can easily be removed/replaced. Nokia should fix that and not follow the iPhone route with battery access. To me, the bottom line is despite being late to the game, Windows Phone 8 is by far the best mobile phone OS. Not only that, the 920 is a great value. I got one for $100 with a 2-yr contract renewal. If you have AT&T, you may want to wait though. The 920 is awesome, but if you take a lot of photos, Nokia has announced a newer Lumia model with a camera in the 40 megapixel range (sorry I don't have exact number). It will be by far the best camera in a mobile phone ever. I've read it will retail for $299 with a 2-yr contract. The Lumia 920 is still an excellent choice. It has gotten very good reviews -- PC world gave it 4.5 stars out of 5 -- the same rating they give the iPhone and Galaxy 3. It may not be the "coolest" phone right now, but if you aren't a teenager -- try it out and I think you'll be pleased.I have had this phone for 2 weeks and just decided I will keep it. In the beginning when I went to ATT, the thought of trying out window phone sparked in me. For the first few days I did want to come back in exchange for Android b/c: 1. The lacks in apps. I was so used to real google supported apps (google voice, google email,ect) that it was tough for me to try other substitute apps. Mint and dropbox app are not available on Window Phone neither. There is substitute apps for dropbox but I dont feel satisfied with them. 2. When I checked email which has pdf files that contain passwords, with droid I was able to input the passwords and read the pdf files right away. Window Phone Pdf reader does not have that, it would response as: unable to open file. 3. Most of the time I am not able to copy words from website/ email/ kindle mobile... (in case I wanted to copy the exact phone number/person's name (author)/ name of the book)... so i had to try to memorize, find paper and pen to write those words down before I could 'paste' them on my phone for something else. 4. This is for the phone. The camera was announced as 8.7MP. From my experience, 8.7MP does not often give you 1.2-2mb picture files. Moreover, the pictures I took often seem only as sharp (maximum) as a 5MP camera. I sat there and tried really hard to get the camera work right (screamed out loud: "I dont know how to use my camera"). I must say this phone is a great phone: 1. Very fast. I have not had crashes. 2. The phone gives great quality from taking HD videos. The lens adjusts itself. 3. The 'Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and poly-carbonate body' does make phone heavier, but when you hold the phone, it makes you feels it is a very solid/strong piece of equipment... not easy to break... 4. The are not much fingerprints on the screen... 5. The sound system is wonderful... 6. Pictures taken in dark are great. 7. I love Nokia GPS. However, I wish it had 'walking' direction. When you are in a big city which is safer to walking to locations, walking direction is very useful. Moreover, with droid GPS, i was able to do walking direction in big campus from one building to another. I wish Nokia GPS had that =(.Great Phone Wireless Charging (Battery life is pretty good) Full day with heavy use (Free wireless charging plate was included) Local Scout is a really nice feature Excellent social networking integration 32GB Storage--Plus Sky Drive (7 Gigabytes free cloud storage) MS Office (Included) Incredible Camera (Stills and HD video are awesome) Awesome Display Smooth OS--Still lacking a few features..almost there!! Great Maps!! Smooth UI Most of the apps are there, could use a few more Internet Explorer 10 is fantastic. Adobe flash still missing, but I got used to not having it with my Iphone Phone is heavier than other phones I have owned, however build quality is amazing!! Nokia apps are a plus!! Voice recognition is good, could be better. (Full bluetooth conversations via text, without picking up phone is awesome! XBOX Live plus Nokia Music is great!! (I use the yearly subscription. access to a huge library of downloadable songs for 10.00 month AT&T LTE (Philadelphia) extremely fast Excellent call quality I chose this over Galaxy S3, HTC 8X, and Iphone 5I just got my red Lumia 920 after it being backordered for a few days. I upgraded from my iPhone 4 which I had for around 2 years and could barely hold a charge. I'm very impressed by the phone so far. I was initially concerned that there weren't going to be enough apps in the Windows Phone ecosystem but I found that all the major apps that can be found on iOS are on this platform. When I told my fianc that I was swapping out my iPhone for a Lumia 920, she thought I was nuts. She actually tried to stop me because we use iMessage all the time and was afraid that we would have to use text messages after switching to the Lumia. Well, I can't use iMessage on my Lumia but instead there's a great cross platform texting program called "Whatsapp" that's far superior to iMessage. Although my fianc was skeptical that "whatsapp" was going to be any good, she now loves it and says it's better than any other messaging service she's ever used. I also showed my fianc how I personalized my phone and is very interested in buying a Windows Phone now. Perhaps a HTC Windows Phone 8x instead as she finds the Lumia 920 a little too big for her hands. Funny thing is that she's told me that I have to always have a tile of her that's the biggest size possible. I told her if she makes me mad I'll reduce her tile size to the smallest one. haha The best part of owning this phone is how random strangers keep on approaching me and commenting on my stylish new phone. They ask me how I like it and always let me know it looks awesome. I love the fact that Windows Phones look nothing like other smart phones on the market and I can customize it with cool tiles like my fianc's contact tile. If you're coming to the Lumia 920 from the iPhone, there are some things that run a little different that you will need to get used to. These are small things like using the back button but you'll get used to it instantly. In Windows Phone, you can have unified email inboxes but it wasn't easily apparent that you could do this. Also, if you link your phone to Facebook, make sure you filter out your facebook contacts or less you'll have hundreds of facebook friends on your phone contact list who you will probably never call. Just filter them out and you should be good to go. Bottom line: I love my Lumia 920 and I have no regrets leaving my iPhone. If you were hesitating like me about ditching iOS, let me reassure you, there's nothing to worry about - your experience with this phone will be superb. You'll love the great new features and apps on the phone (especially Nokia Maps and Drive). I highly recommend this phone for anyone who is looking for change in their smartphone.Last year I bought a Black Lumia 900 from AT&T. Not upgrade eligible yet, but instead got a unlocked 920 as a winning. The phone's review will have to incorporate bits from the OS too, so let's be done with that first. Live Tile remains one of the best interface innovation on any platform, the addition of a smaller size of tile makes thing only better. Ability to change tile size of any app depending on user's priority is simply brilliant. Nokia Windows Phones come with access to Nokia's full suite of mapping apps, although they are now available to others also, Nokia stays on top of the game by providing other exclusive apps like Nokia Music, Cinematograph, Storage Manager etc. Offline mapping data is a godsend. Added capability of apps' to integrate to lock screen to quickly provide you with info you care about the most is also awesome. The added accessibility tools like changeable font size, UI zoom, high contrast mode(looks freaking gorgeous) makes the OS the best choice for people who needs any of them. The usual goodies are of course still there. Onto the device itself. The screen size is 4.5", which in my opinion is the perfect size, not too small, not too big. The high PPI screen is a joy to use. It retains 900's slightly squarer 15:9 aspect ratio, and the increased PPI makes it one of the best display in the market. The curved display's edge meets the rest of the body flawlessly, making the phone a joy to hold. The poly-carbonate's texture is simply luxurious. The material also means that color won't come off even if scratched. Nokia has used a new kind of coating on the logo, and the three capacitive keys that makes it really easy to see them even when the back-light is off. Slightly raised position of the keys is also a very welcome change, makes it very hard to accidentally hit them now. The camera is hands off the best phone-camera out there, nothing more to say there. Although the from camera is less than stellar. A few issues that still remain is that I want the headphone port at bottom and the micro-USB port on top of the device, it has it in opposite order, although to be fair every OEM is guilty of this offense, except only Apple is now putting headphone port at bottom. At least we get a camera button with windows phones. The phone is indeed a little heavy. 900 is my opinion had the perfect weight. While 920 has better ergonomics, I find it a little heavier than I would have like. But given the built quality, OIS camera, display quality, 32GB storage etc. being a little heavy is easy to forget. All in all, this is a WOW level of device.Phenomenal phone! I have absolutely NO doubts that this blows any other smartphone on the market out of the water! First off, the Windows OS is personally my favorite OS out there. If your a social person, your defiantly going to love windows phone 8. It is constantly updating your personalized information on the home screen. No other OS can do this, it literally moves and reacts depending on what is going on. My only complaint is a shortage of a few apps. (Cough) Instagram (cough). But that's not a huge deal, you'll get over it. The Phone itself is outstanding. It defiantly will take a heavy punch to break this thing. The screen still has no scratches, even though I dropped it multiple times. Its also ultra sensitive, so you wont have to take your gloves off to use it. It may be a little on the heavy side, but that's mainly because the backs not made of glass (Iphone). Did I mention its the world's best Screen on a phone? The camera on this baby is unreal. First off, the lens is floating, meaning if you shake your hands a lot (We all do, right? ;) the video shows up still and non-bouncing around. You can also take a picture in near total dark, without flash, and have it show up as if it was taken in a well-lit room. Hence, the Lumia 920 has the best camera on a mobile phone to date. Remember paying $1.30 for a single song on ITunes? Yeah, well those days are over. Xbox music allows you to stream unlimited music for free, and all songs YOU chosen to put in YOUR playlist. No cash involved, at all. Just an Add here and there, which I'm sure you can handle. I could go on and on about this phone, but I know you have a busy life, so I wont. What you just read are a few of my favorite features on the phone. There's many more that I want YOU to experience for yourself. Trust me, this phone is great. There's honestly nothing, except instagram not being there, that I dislike about the phone. It truly is a hammer, and I guarantee you will Love it. Thanks for reading! Now go buy yourself a new Lumia!The Lumia 920 is the first smartphone that I have owned with a touchscreen that does not aggravate me. It responds wonderfully to every touch. I am constantly surprised how responsive it is. Works with gloves, can download almost any location's map for navigation. Windows Phone works very well. I am a former android user, and love many settings. But I do not like freezes and not responding apps. This phone has every setting that I have looked for, so far. None of the Lumias have experienced lag or freezes. The wireless charging is a great feature!!! The camera is terrific, and City Lens is terrific. The phone is a little heavier than most phones, but its weight seems justified by the obvious build quality and rich suite of features. I switched from Verizon to AT&T. I added a Lumia 822 to my Verizon account, but after being told that my unlimited phone would not be affected, Verizon cancelled my unlimited plan upon activation. So I switched, then Verizon suddenly said it was all a mistake and my unlimited would remain. My point, Verizon customer service is horrible and the 822 is also an excellent phone. I was quite happy to try his/hers 920's and stay with AT&T.I am very happy with my purchase of the Nokia Lumia 920. I've missed Nokia a great deal since the days of the old Nokia brick we all knew and loved. The Operating System: Windows Phone 8 is a very simple and blazingly fast OS. Performing everyday tasks like checking email, texting, calling, and browsing are always just a tap away. Scrolling and screen changes are smooth, and I have not experienced any hitches whatsoever. Although the Windows App store is a bit bare when compared to Apple and Android, it has everything I wanted and more. Heck, I even found a "Tom and Jerry" app that has over 150 episodes for my nephew... for free! Nokia's mapping system and Nokia Drive are great additions as well, giving you turn by turn directions when needed. The mapping system is pretty much on par from what I have previously read, and experienced. The OS is the most fetching overall. Design: What can I say... very sexy phone. The colors are truly striking, and it will definitely stand out when you are standing in a sea of white and black (unless white and black are your thing =P ). The phone is extremely sturdy... sometimes I feel like I can chuck it across the room and worry more about the wall than the phone (although I won't do this of course). Yes, the phone is heavier than the iPhone 5, but honestly, It's not something that bothers me. I find it silly that we are complaining about .3 ounces... really?! That extra .3 ounces is going to throw your shoulder out? First world problems I guess... anyways, I personally like to know my phone is in my pocket (which this phone easily slides into and out of). Also, there is no need for a phone cover for this device. The color on the body goes all the way through, so if there are any scratches, you won't really notice. The gorilla glass also reduces the need for a screen cover. My phone actually feels better in my pocket than my girlfriend's iPhone 5 after she encased it in plastic and put a screen protector on it (like most iPhone owners do). Overall, VERY happy with my purchase, and very happy with ATT. I switched from Verizon, but only because ATT has higher LTE speeds in San Diego than Verizon, and their connection has greatly improved. I've had 0 issues.I've had every generation of the iPhone since it came out but when it came time to upgrade to the new 5, I could not justify the price. Decided to give the Windows phone a chance because the price was right and boy was I surprised. Like someone else said, at first it may seem a little alien but after only a few short days of using it I'm totally in love. After upgrading to windows 8 on the PC this phone is a perfect transition between the two. -Size and feel: After having this for a few days and then picking up my old iPhone, it feels puny compared to the 920. The screen size is noticeably bigger and seems sturdier even though it's the same Gorilla Glass. Overall it's about as big as I'd like a phone to be, any larger and it would be in the realm of the Samsung Note. -Camera: What's there to not say about the camera, it's fantastic. It's amazing to me that the camera in the phone is almost as good as my SLR, and a heck of a lot easier to carry around! Low light shooting is awesome and with the different Nokia apps there's a ton of editing and shooting styles you can do. There are great apps, like panorama and photosynth that allows you to take 360 degree photos. Facial recognition and focus all work quite well. The ability to send to your Skydrive or multiple other social networks is super easy to do. -Apps: Imagine a tiny desktop in your hand, this phone runs apps just like a full fledged computer. With Office built in, you have the ability to do Spreadsheets, tables, presentations and more. It also includes Xbox games and an App store that is growing more and more everyday. It's easy to use and always has good apps on the front page of the store to check out. Very easy to download and automatically notifies of updates. There's too much to fit in one review! Screen, battery life, Nokia apps, free Nokia music, camera, live tiles, GPS navigator, City Lens, etc! This phone is awesome.You can find thorough reviews here and elsewhere on the web. I am just going over what I like and dislike in a couple paragraphs. Most of the 920's success comes from Windows Phone 8 itself. In fact, ignoring the nifty hardware, it really is hard to justify buying one WP8 device over the other; it is that close a race. WP8 has a massive feature set, both in quantity and innovation. Rooms and groups, for example, let you gather friends, family, and coworkers into single spots, where you can e-mail or text everyone at once, or even share calendars and photos. Though I don't use these features to the fullest possible extent, a social butterfly will have a glorious time with any Windows Phone; Facebook, Twitter, and other social networks are hard-wired into the OS for quick and easy access. The 920 itself is quite the device, though; the camera is a physically-stabilized unit, which results in less blurry photos and incredibly beautiful video. To be honest, I believe the phone does a worse job with stills than with video, and I would actually reverse the rating between photo and video quality that Consumer Reports rewarded the device with. The camera seems to have focus or sharpness issues, which have improved since the last update, though they aren't entirely fixed. To redeem itself, however, the camera takes unbelievable low-light shots. It is something you have to see to believe. Go look up any comparison online. I have not used the NFC feature of the phone in any real life situation, but I have tested it and it is pretty nifty. If you have friends with Android devices that have this tool, it will work across platforms. The phone also has wireless charging, and purchases originally came with a charging plate free of charge; I don't know if that remains the case. I should tell you that it is not just some throwaway toy installed just for the sake of saying the 920 has it; it is surprisingly forgiving when you think about the situations where you plug in normally. Say you are asleep at night, and your phone is plugged into the wall when you get a call. When you answer that phone, you will either reach over, unplug it, answer it, hang up, and then struggle in the dark to get the plug back in, or just decide not to bother. Instead, with wireless charging, you would just pick up the phone, use it, then set it back down, and it would stay charged. You almost have to try it in a few situations to understand its practicality. If I had a second one downstairs, I would have my phone on it right now, but instead it just sits here on my desk because I don't want to go find a charger. A lot of people complain about the weight. It is something you get used to, period. I barely notice it when I'm holding it, other than the fact that, you know, I'm using it. I pick up my mother's iPhone 4 nowadays, and that device feels like a toy. A fragile toy, I should add. The 920 really IS a brick. It is well-built, features Gorilla Glass to resist scratches, has a full-polycarbonate body which is beautiful and eye-catching in gloss red, and, as I have found out, this phone will take some abuse to that chassis; a solid couple of drops onto rough concrete put some visible dents in the corners, but since the material is red throughout, the damage is hardly noticeable. Just be wary that no screen can take a face-first drop; not an iPhone, not a Samsung mobile, and not any Nokia, either. Software is a big deal as well. The WP8 OS itself is miraculous. Even though the dual-core processor isn't something absolutely amazing, the fact of the matter is that the OS is so well-designed that a Windows Phone does not need crazy amounts of RAM and processor capacity to function as fast or faster than any iOS or Android device. While some third-party programs lag as a result of programming, the standard apps included with the phone, as well as properly designed new downloads, blaze open. I can't remember the last time I stared at a splash screen for more than a second. I mentioned some of WP8's built-in features as well, but it is also worth mentioning that this is a Nokia, and these phones come with their own special software programs. Nokia Drive is a full and free turn-by-turn navigation application. PhotoBeamer lets you scan a QR code on your friend's phone and instantly send a photo or show an entire album on the other device without Bluetooth or NFC. Cinemagraph lets you take a short video, select an area of the video to animate and another to keep still, followed by other adjustments, and create a hybrid .Gif animation. The list goes on, and Photobeamer was even a new app, released a couple weeks after the 920 and other Nokia devices went on sale, so you can tell that Nokia is dedicated to their phones and the WP8 ecosystem. While speaking of apps, many are quick to discount the Windows Phone line because of the puny selection in comparison to iOS and Android (150k to 700k each, respectively). I did some research, and, compared to iPhone's original upbringing of its own app store, Windows Phone is seeing even greater growth within its first 2 1/2 years than iOS. Specifically, 2 1/3 years into the launch of each ecosystem (the current age of WP7/WP8), WP8 stands at 150k+ applications, while iOS had something in the neighborhood of 90-100k apps (About October 2009). As far as finding the apps I need, I have found plenty of addicting games like Physi Bricks and Tile Path, news readers like AP Mobile and BBC News, A NASCAR app better than any I ever tried on iOS (NASCAR Live), an intricately-animated weather app (Amazing Weather HD), and plenty of the usuals, such as Urbanspoon, Amazon apps, and Flixter. Considering the last 3 months produced the last 30,000 apps (again, greater growth for the same post-release time as iPhone), your favorites such as Spotify and Instagram are on the way. The phone does not get away without a few problems, however: I did believe my first 920 had a battery issue, and, upon sending it in for a repair, Nokia replaced the phone under warranty. Chat support was helpful and the shipping and repair times totaled just over two weeks, but the battery likely did, in fact, turn out bad. There have been many complaints of poor battery life, ranging from not being able to keep a good charge all day to not being able to survive a matter of hours on standby. I no longer have these problems and, without taking a single deliberate step to save battery life, my phone has gone the last 13 hours of the day down to 26% life, with an estimated 8 hours left. I power-use every now and then when I am out, using geolocation and hard LTE browsing, and I would consider myself a mid- to power-user. The battery is perfectly sufficient for me, but serious power-users who come close to running out every day on their current phones might look elsewhere for their next device. What I mean by "Availability" is this: either Nokia truly cannot keep up with demand, or they deliberately reduced supply to create the image of excessive demand. Whichever is the case, the phone can be hard to get, even a month and a half after it went on sale in the States. The gloss yellow and matte cyan models are constantly sold out, making the black, white, and red the general available choices for the time being, red sometimes in fewer stores, though not impossible to obtain. I also mentioned in the Cons that some apps have issues. Namely, developers of many apps did, in fact, develop while WP8 was still WP7, and the latter had several limitations to app functionality, interaction, etc. As a result, some programs fall short of typical satisfaction and performance of that of other and similar apps. Amazon programs, for example, are lackluster; the shopping program often has great difficulty finding items when the built-in Bing search on the phone has no such problem. The Kindle app also lacks a great deal of functionality; I cannot use a calorie-counting book because the program lacks a quick-search feature, which is present on nearly all other Kindle applications on other platforms and devices. And yes, several "killer apps" remain unported to WP8, but as I have explained earlier, it is bound to happen, and it definitely will this year. In fact, I will probably stick to other programs rather than wait for Instagram; programs like PhotoFunia, Fhotoroom, and Lomogram are great alternatives with more and creative new features in comparison. An alternative to Spotify, available on any Lumia device, is Nokia Music, which offers free Pandora-like streaming services from an 11-million-plus library with no ads. You can even save entire mixes to the phone. And the maps? It is simply the number one thing that has bothered me. Nokia's mapping apparently is popular on a global scale, while Bing's data focuses on accuracy within the United States. As a result, one's results are often not the same on the other program's, resulting in doubting both softwares entirely. Directions are iffy, unless you are using the Nokia Drive application, with issues such as not showing exact maneuvers for intersections, not indicating interstate exit numbers, and, most importantly, not providing alternate routes before navigation is started. gMaps Pro is a third-party Google-Maps-based alternative, though you must buy it, and when a company brags on how great its mapping software is only to fail to deliver, buying another program because of that is almost an insult to the user. This covers most of the bases in terms of how I use my phone. YMMV when it comes to what kinds of apps you use, how hard and often you use your phone, etc. But I do believe this: WP8 is the next truly competitive mobile operating system. Given a year, it will be contending closely with the current two kings of the smartphone business. The Lumia 920 is the flagship phone, with the most hardware and software features. While the 8X is a viable alternative, the Lumia 920 is the Windows Phone to get if you want the best.The 920 is the pinacle of smartphones today. Speed, elegance, great design and awesome OS, all for a good price. I never really considered a Windows phone, but know I wanted to get away from my iPhone. I also wanted to get away from AT&T, but unfortunately, they are the only carrier for this phone. After many calls, a store visit and failed attempts on the website, I finally got my order in and received my phones the next day. It seemed like every professional review of this phone commented on it's size and weight being to much. I think it's just fine and feels very solid in your hand. Microsoft has really produced a great experience with their OS. It's easy, intuitive and has features no other OS has. I particularly like the integration of my work email and Outlook. I hope more people give the new Windows a chance. Some high points are, Exceptional screen Outstanding call quality Great speed Beautiful design Great camera, videos are super smooth and stable Wireless charging Charges and plays on my car stereo's USB port Low points, Have to use AT&TI have had this phone for 2 weeks and just decided I will keep it. In the beginning when I went to ATT, the thought of trying out window phone sparked in me. For the first few days I did want to come back in exchange for Android b/c: 1. The lacks in apps. I was so used to real google supported apps (google voice, google email,ect) that it was tough for me to try other substitute apps. Mint and dropbox app are not available on Window Phone neither. There is substitute apps for dropbox but I dont feel satisfied with them. 2. When I checked email which has pdf files that contain passwords, with droid I was able to input the passwords and read the pdf files right away. Window Phone Pdf reader does not have that, it would response as: unable to open file. I must say this phone is a great phone: 1. Very fast. I have not had crashes. 2. The phone gives great quality from taking HD videos. The lens adjusts itself. 3. The 'Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and poly-carbonate body' and its 'pureview' cammera does make phone heavier, but when you hold the phone, it makes you feels it is a very solid/strong piece of equipment... not easy to break... 4. The are not much fingerprints on the screen... 5. The sound system is wonderful. 6. the pictures are sharp and great in both day light and at night! 7. I love Nokia GPS. They have multilingual supports!Having had in the past HTC's, Nokia N81 unlocked(which was my favorite and in my opinion the most advanced at the time, expect for iPhones keyless keyboard) iPhones and Samsung galaxy2. I was in the market for an upgrade. Judging from past experiences and researching and reading reviews...I knew I didn't want another iPhone, as many have said not much innovation thru the years(my Nokia N81 had video calling 6yrs ago even thou no carriers in the USA provided the service)yes some tweaks here and there, yes they are lighter but most definitely more fragile. I see many people walking around with cracked screens especially iPhones and galaxy 3s, the one great thing about the iPhone 3GS was it's build and quality it can take a beating and not break. I was very close to purchasing a galaxy 3 nice looking screen good sound better than iphone 5 in my opnion, but something about the build didn't quite convince me so I decided to wait for the Nokia Lumia 920 and check it out (wasn't ever interested in Samsungs Note 2, way to large). I'm glad I waited for the 920 It feels like a premium device it reminds me of the iPhone 3GS great quality, the screen is beautiful, the color options are great(got a yellow one), Windows 8 OS works great for me the live tiles are a breath of fresh air you run you finger along the screen everything has a smooth feel, great speakers, the Nokia apps are great Nokia music pretty much unlimited music, Nokia city lens is an innovative app, Nokia offline GPS app and on are all free. NFC, Yes finally wireless charging, I lost count of how many chargers I've purchased for my Iphone. Last but not least...the camera it's awesome in dark light conditions its like magic you can't believe it, and it shoots great videos as well with image stabilization...having kids this phone is great don't have to worry about carrying a separate camera. Some people say the 920 might be on the hefty side, but if you put a case on your phone the weight is about the same, the 920 doesn't need a case checkout the YouTube videos out there. The App Store doesn't have nearly as many apps available that you can get on a iPhone or Android stores, but I have most of what I need. The OS is new so more apps will be available soon, I can see the difference in the month I've had the device they've multiplied. Some minor things might need to be tweaked with the OS, but I've been getting updates which is good, they seem to be addressing the issues.The 920 is the pinnacle of 2 years of refinement that has seen the Windows Phone platform go from shaky endeavor to savvy upstart. While it is not the most popular mobile OS on the market, it is easily the best of all worlds. It bridges a slick and decidely different (in a time when Google and Apple just trade blows and mimic each other)style with app reliability and confidence. - You get the stability and reliability you find with Apple's ecosystem (albeit without the walled-garden approach Cupertino uses to keep a draconian grip on it's developers) without the fear of viruses and malware that can come from the Wild-West-like development environment of Android. - You also get a device that is designed to work in tandem with products and services you use daily (Office, Skype, Social Networks). - Also, make sure to utilize the Groups and Rooms features to communicate with multiple people in your life simultaneously. Windows Phone 8 is the culmination of all of the style and ingenuity that you can ask for, while offering features/services as baked-in aspects. You will quickly find that, while the Microsoft Store is only 150k (more everyday) apps, nearly everything you want is either already a built-in feature or quickly on the way. If you are invested in the Windows ecosystem (Xbox 360, Windows 7/8, Office, etc), then you are doing yourself a disservice by not bridging these devices as they are intended. The Windows Phone 8 platform is there for you as a mobile gateway to all of those products and services. Pick up an Xbox Music Pass for $10/mo to have your playlists and music with you, and also enjoy all the ad-free music you want, regardless of where you happen to be. Ignore the haters, find a handset, and give the platform a test drive. Before you do, head over to youtube and watch a couple videos that highlight different features, so that you know how to operate the phone without the aide of presumably biased floor associates. You will not be sorry that you did. Stop mulling over these damn reviews (especially critics that cannot remove the decade and a half of Anti-Windows stigma from their assessments of current products) and get out there, put hands on the product, and find out for yourself. If you like it, buy it, and remember that Android had to go through the same hoops of iHate before eclipsing the giant consumer mindshare.Had this phone for a couple of days, and really like it. Previously I was a user of the previous generation Windows Phone (7.5x) but wanted to switch to AT&T and this phone has so far been even better than the previous HTC HD7, which I also liked. I like all the features I have tried so far, with the included Microsoft Phone 8 feature set, as well as some of the Nokia value added features such as Nokia Drive Turn by Turn navigation (Included for free!!), and the other features mentioned in the other reviews, etc. I really like the fact that you can pick what states GPS data you want to keep on the phone, so easy if you are navigating in a place that has no data signal, you can keep getting accurate directions, and its easy to add or delete other geographic areas when needed, or you can just add a whole country. In previous phones I had to pay extra for voice turn by turn, but its included with the Nokia 920. For me the large screen, and size are perfect, and the "weight" mentioned by some reviews is no issue for me, but suggest that anybody contemplating purchase should try it. The touch screen seems fast and responsive too. I was able to reinstall all of my Windows 7x applications with no issue and just by using my same Windows live ID, all of my setting seem to migrate with no issues encountered. The only real negative that I can think of, is that my Microsoft Zune PC software (and my collection of MP3s purchased over the years) is not as easily managed from my PC to this phone, because my desktop PC Zune software does not sync directly with the phone nor my playlists from within Zune desktop software (or I have not yet figured it out), but rather I have to use a different Microsoft Application within my main PC to Copy the music folders\mp3s to the phone. I actually transferred the files over to the Nokia 920 very quickly, but it is not yet a smooth way to manage multiple music tastes within a family as was the direct syncing that Zune provided..........I am sure Microsoft will improve this, but it is the only negative I have seen so far....I upgraded from a nexus one which was a couple years old, so most phones on the market would be an improvement. That said, I was surprised at how good this phone is. Here are the things I love about the phone compared to my older phone (newer phones might also do this): - Fantastic camera - Offline maps and offline navigation. I opted to not have a data plan at all, so this was essential. Even without data, I can use the maps to get anywhere. - The wireless charger is cool - The onenote app is awesome. I used evernote on the nexus and one time it deleted something I had written (it might have been an edge case). Anyway, I like the onenote app better and it integrates with how I take notes on my desktop machines. - Little things - I like how you can lock your screen, but configure how long it stays unlocked if you've used it recently. I like how you can press the button to take a picture even if the screen is locked (I'm sure other phones do this too, but my nexus didn't). When it's charging the little icon alternates between percentage and the charging icon (the nexus just had the charging icon). - I'm not an IE fan on the Desktop, but IE 10 on mobile is pretty slick. It might be my favorite mobile browser (on the nexus one I used the stock android browser,Firefox, and opera, but chrome wasn't available) It's a great phone, I recommend it!My new white Lumia 920 is so much better than any other phone, I just don't know where to begin. I'm going to list the items that I think are most important. -Screen By specs the best on any phone, but side-by-side the Nokia screen just pops and looks far superior to anything else. Colors are bright and vibrant, the screen never blurs no matter how fast things move on-screen, you can see the screen well in direct sun, and you can touch the screen and control it with gloves on (brilliant). -Camera The Lumia 920 Pureview camera simply puts all others to shame; take a few shots with friends and compare. When their phone cameras produce dim and blur, the Lumia produces bright and clear. I swear the thing sees far better in the dark then I do (and I mean without flash). Checkout some of the reviews of low-light performance vs iPhone 5 and S III, Lumia is years ahead. -Maps/Navigation Lumia phones come with Nokia Drive with turn-by-turn voice navigation for the entire world, the is far superior to any other GPS. Nokia Navtec powers most car nav systems and on the phone the maps and data are always up-to-date. Driving, walking, biking, and transit nav is provided worldwide, in any language you want and with multiple voices to choose from. You can download maps for any part of the world you want to your phone, so you can download the maps over wifi and have navigation without using your data plan, nice! -Wireless Charging Yes, wireless charging is built-in and AT&T gives you a free charger. So you have this little coaster on your nightstand plugged into the wall, then when you're tired no more fumbling with wires, you just set your phone down and it charges, so cool. -Durability Everyone knows when you drop an iPhone or SIII it breaks, so you need huge bulky cases. Watch some of the Lumia torture tests online and you'll see that it doesn't break when dropped, or let fly from moving car, or baked in oven, or put in freezer, or hit with mallet, or when you use the Lumia to pound in a nail, or even when they use a knife to attempt to cut/scratch the Lumia. This thing is crazy tough and durable, something Nokia has always been known for, while other companies want your phone to break so you'll buy a new one. -Nokia Music Nokia Music is like Pandora or spotify, but with no commercials, you can skip all the songs you want, and you can download mixes to your phone to listen to later (great to download over WiFi so that you don't need to stream on your data plan). Nokia Music is free with Lumia. -Windows Phone 8 Windows phone is fast and smooth, Live Tiles show you everything happening in all your apps on one screen (Facebook, Twitter, etc are integrated into Windows). After using Windows Phone or a Surface, it's impossible to go back to static grids of icons on other platforms (or even Windows 7). Kids corner is great and allows you to give your kid your phone but only allows them into what you've selected for them and keeps them out of your stuff (email, text, etc). I could go on and on: -Lumia is so fast and smooth at everything (dual-core 1.5gHz never sweats) -Lumia has LTE, NFC, Wifi, Bluetooth, worldwide coverage -Nokia apps (City Lens, Cinemagraph, Smart Shoot, Express web) are top notch and useful -Battery life is great -Lumia looks like nothing else. People notice it and ask about it all the timeI was a long term iPhone user, and switched to Windows Phone earlier this year. I work as an it professional, carrying several Microsoft Certifications, and I am an avid Xbox gamer. For me there was no question, the Windows Phone platform was the way to go. I enjoyed Windows Phone 7 on my Samsung Focus Flash, and am even more impressed at how well this phone works for me. I like not having to use the Zune software to sync items to my phone, it just shows up in Windows Explorer and I can drag and drop files into it's separate music, videos, pictures, documents, and ringtone folders. I was even able to use all of the old ringtones I had created for my iPhones. The big screen is nice for gaming and movie watching. Nokia's City Lens is pretty cool too, but most useful in an area that you're unfamiliar with. Almost everything about this phone is perfect. The only thing I don't care for is the haptic feedback. Nokia does not have a setting to turn it off. Aside from that, everything is great!!!!When just focusing on the quality of the hardware this phone is probably one of the better phones I have owned. The phone itself feels very sturdy, while I wouldn't want to drop it I would feel comfortable of this thing not breaking from a fall. This phone is plenty fast, and comes with a decent amount of internal storage although I wish there was an option for expandable storage. The display looks very nice, and the aesthetics of Windows Phone 8 works well with the display. My main complaints about this phone are aimed at Windows phone 8 (WP8) itself, which still lacks apps that other marketplaces have. I would recommend finding apps that are important to you and seeing if it is available on the marketplace or if anything similar is there. Now one big reason to go with a WP8 device would be if you are a heavy office user as the integration, and quality of the apps for office are unmatched at the moment. Overall this is an impressive device, and it has come down in price a lot, and would make a nice off contract phone.I just recently bought the Nokia Lumia 920 (in black) a little over a month ago. This is by far the best phone I have had so far. My first phone was a Nokia and I loved it and then I started trying out different phones all of which ended up being sub par (blackberry, android phones). The Best Things about this phone: 1. The screen is magnificent! Everything is so clear. The biggest thing I noticed with this phone which has always been a hassle to me is that you can see it in the sun. NO GLARE! That alone is one reason for me to get it. 2. The call quality is surpassed by none. Nokia has always had the best phones when it came to call quality and with it being an LTE phone it really doesn't get much better. 3. The camera is great and everyone knows that already so I am not gonna talk much about it. 4. It has a great sturdy body/shell, it fits so comfortably in my hand I don't have any problem with the weight or size. They also positioned the power button below the volume rocker which makes it so easy to reach when holding it in your hand. 5. The Nokia pre-loaded Apps are amazing. The maps unlike Apple maps are phenomenal. 6. And to be honest I am just a huge fan of live tiles. You get the customization of an Android phone but with the (in my opinion) better looking and sleeker live tiles. Which I feel look much better. 7. Also because the phone is a matte type finish on the back it doesn't collect finger tips. Those are just the ones I could think of off the top of head. Now for the cons of the phone: There really aren't any truly negative cons. 1. The only problem I have had is that the battery life sometimes does not last as long as I would like. On some days it will last the entire day but others it will last till late afternoon. 2. A wider App selection would be nice. But that will come with time seeing how Windows 8 is so new. Don't get me wrong it has great Apps and all of the ones you would need but if you are into all the little 3rd party indie style apps on iphone or android don't get your hopes up. Other then that everything is great. I am a college student so I am constantly on my phone and so I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking to buy. I would definitely buy this phone again and lets be honest you can't beat the 99 dollar price tag and early adopters of the phone get the free charge pad where you just place your phone on it and it will start charging which is awesome because you don't have to plug in your phone anymore.I've just got this new toy 920 last week with doubt :), been an apple fan for quite so long, it's hard to get off an ip5 and its surrounded eco system: ipad, iphone, imessage ... since we are so used to them. Chance came when i lost my ip5, a little bit of tiring of using apple products, not saying that they are bad or anything, they are all decent products to my opinion. In fact, i'm a .net developer and used to be Nokia fan long time ago, why not trying this new combination of Nokia and MS product where you can actually play around with the technology and new (cool?) stuff. Enough for introduction, now the phone, with quite some doubt, however, after reading lots of reviews, i bought one. First impression, awesome layout, very nice material, some sayings bulky, heavy, but i don't see it that way, it fit in hand, feeling solid and great, big screen display, nice camera, awesome Nokia's navigation (many thanks to this feature), fast and responsive, 32Gb memory as external storage, additional 7Gb Skydrive, 4G LTE support (super fast), Office, Kid's Corner feature (i found it very useful), you can actually download Map and disconnect Data Network for saving data plan, live update from front end screen, conserve for saving battery when running low, apps is quite out there, certainly not comparable with Apple Store, but i think it would be soon, ... and a lot more as others mentioned already. It certainly clears my doubt, brought back the hope that Nokia can come back one day, and important thing is, I don't have the feeling missing my Ip5. One minor thing about this new 920 and WindowPhone 8 Os, it's quite strictly in setting up the Environment for dev (in case you want to go this round), for fully support, it requires Windows 8 64bit, x64 bit CPU, VS2012 (Pro and up), and requirement for CPU from i3, i5, i7 (or CPU that support SLAT, and one other thing i can't remember now) in order to install the Emulator. I was stuck with this since my desktop was old, and Core2Duo CPU doesn't support this. However, not that bad, i still can install most of everything to support to WP7.8 OS, or you may want to register as MS Window phone Dev and you can use your real device for testing purpose. For those still using Wins 7 and VS2010, it still a good choice since there are SDKs out there... Certainly, i need to adapt to the differences btw the 2 products, but it's worth doing so. Good choice for me, and many thanks to the lovely one who bought me this.I bought this phone at my local AT&T shop. I could not believe the hardware for the price. 99 bucks and I got a 32GB phone, huge amazing display, duel core and one of if not the best camera you can get in a smartphone. Plus you can charge it wirelessly and they are throwing in that $50.00 accessory for free! I was worried I would not find the apps I wanted. But I found all the apps I need and more. There are a lot of NOKIA apps that are well written. If you want to use the NOKIA maps download them right to your phone. It makes them work much better. One of the main things I love is having Netflix on my phone. I was very happy to see that Netflix is available for WP8 and works great. The SkyDrive and social media integration are very nice on this phone. I loved that when someone called me it looked in my facebook account and was able to match them to their profile (they had their number listed in facebook). If you want to give WP8 a try this is it folks. This is the best phone I have ever used. My wife has an iPhone and now she wants this phone.I have a LG Stylo and it's microphone is useless for concerts. After looking up Nokia phones I went and bought a used 920($35Ebay) and it was amazing! The zoom is less than amazing, but luckily I was close to the front. But it picks up bass PERFECTLY and I was standing probably 10 feet away from the subs. A couple times it took a few seconds to focus but I will give it that just because of all the flashing lights and hands in the way! It was a Martin Garrix concert, so look up his music if you are worried about the bass, because this little phone delivered on sound!!(Copied from my review of the Cyan version) I've had the opportunity to spend time with almost every smartphone on the market. This is the best phone I have ever had in my hands. The build quality is superb and highly durable when compared to its peers. It fits very well in the palm of your hand thanks to its curvature. The screen is a gorgeous 720p display with deep blacks, vibrant colors, and a 60hz refresh rate that's buttery smooth. Nokia threw every feature in this beast they could think of. Optical Image Stabilization, which allows the phone to compensate for tiny movements and also makes it possible for this device to take low-light photos you will not believe. It has HAAC microphones for recording sound up to 140db. If you every have the desire to record at a concert, this phone will give you the best audio hands down. Wireless charging, super-sensitive screen that can be used with gloves, NFC... I think I hit them all, but I may have missed something. Seriously, unless the size is a deal-breaker, or if you need to have Pandora or Instagram RIGHT NOW, then I strongly advise you to check this handset out. Nokia's craftsmanship rivals that of Apple's.alright, much has been said about this phone, good, bad, and everything in between...all I can say is that it is not a status symbol, nor icon. The Lumia 920 is indeed an all around phone. It is a strong and durable phone. It may feel a bit heavy in the beginning, however, the weight is not noticeable after a day or two, in fact, I feel must comfortable carrying it in my hand (although it fits rather nicely in my jeans, my sport coat, and my pajama pants while I lounge at home)the Lumia was designed to be a tool one can carry and really on for work, recreation, or whatsoever your bag may be. The App, the Apps, why is everyone so big on this app craze? The phone is loaded with everything I needed. In fact, I went surfing for apps to add just to use up some of the memory on the mobile, but, it seems that everything that I needed is on my Lumia already, I downloaded all of the Nokia offerings, USA today, CNN, Bloomberg, Calvin and Hobbs, Chase Banking, Starbuck easy pay (cool) and a few others, but, there was really nothing else I needed...the phone is a complete package. I will never use an android again, and the IPhone 5 is now with my godfathers wife (and she now wants a Lumia)...it doesn't get better than this.I have been a committed iphone user over 3 generations of iphones, and I have to say that I am impressed with the Lumina 920 and I am glad I switched to this phone. I am not a fan boy of either of these platforms and I made a very considerate decision to switch Things I like about this phone: - Amazing Camera: Many pictures I take are in low light conditions (at home, out about with friends at night) and this phone camera is quite astounding. The video the camera produces is quite free of the hand shaking that I was quite used to from my iphone - Gorgeous Large Screen: I love the screen, it has excellent resolution, looks sharp, bright and crisp. Watching videos on the phone is a joy and due to its slightly larger form factor the video watching experience is less of a squinting excercise than on the iphone - Great Nokia Apps: * Nokia drive is awesome and free - you can download maps of any area of the world and use the phone (in offline mode!) as a class leading GPS turn-turn unit. * Nokia's Transfer my data is a great way to get all your contacts from the iphone into your Lumina, no Mac/PC connection required, within a minute or 2 all my contacts were transferred over Blutooth from my old iphone * Nokia music is a great (and free) way to discover new music * Nokia ships a number of awesome (and free) games - The phone is blazingly fast, animations are crisp, apps seem to load as quickly or more quickly compared to my IPhone - I really enjoy the Xbox LIVE enabled gaming and XBOX LIVE avatar and gamerscore integration. If you have an Xbox this phone gives you a great way of continuing to play in the Xbox ecosystem on the go. - Speaking of Xbox, I love the (again, free) smart glass app for Xbox that lets you control Xbox settings from your phone! - Great email client in general, including a very smooth integration of MS Office documents and the ability to pin specific important email folders to your front page of the phone - Solid build quality, unlike many reviews the phone does not seem too heavy to hold or carry around in my pocket (and I am not a giant either...) - Curved screen feels better for screen border touch interaction than the iphone - Have used the screen with gloves and it works quite well - I find the windows phone UI very intuitive and switching back and forth between the ios UI and windows phone UI the IOS UI feels slightly more antiquated, at the very least I have found the real time status update in email and social networking tiles very helpful and intuitive and advantage over IOS (yes you might get an aggregate new email count, but I dont know of a way to pin an important account or email subfolder to the main UI in IOS). Furthermore, the lock screen (start screen) can be customized to give you a status count of new emails or status updates. - A word about the apps: I have looked for some niche and not so niche apps (chromatic instrument tuners and metronomes, library of classic chess games, NYTimes reader etc) and have found what I needed at low prices or for free. I only occasionally play games, but since I have an Xbox I much prefer to play Xbox LIVE integrated games and increase my gamer score and the games on offer more than satisfy my occasional gamer streak, games on the large bright crisp screen look great - You can uninstall vendor installed apps Things I didnt like: - A bunch of redundant or overpriced/subscription based ATT apps, ie why would you want to pay ten dollars a month to subscribe to ATTs GPS app when you can use the excellent Nokia app which comes free? Same with ATT radio, ATT family map etc - most of the ATT apps on this phone are designed to be an added monthly money drain (unlike the excellent free and well written Nokia apps) - The rear camera is close to where my index finger usually lands when I hold the phone - Cant get into picture taking mode right from the lock screen (as is possible on IPhone), though there is a single touch photo button on the lower right corner of the phone which allows you to enter photo mode at any time after you entered your pin (if you have set a pin for your phone which you really should) - Wasnt immediately clear to me how to uninstall an app (click on the start/windows icon, swipe left to get into the app list, tap and hold the app then select and confirm uninstall) - Of course there are fewer accessories available for this particular phone compared to the iphone if that is important to youThis phone feels great in your hand, sturdy...smooth and fast. (How does something that's still in your hand feel fast? not sure. Maybe it has to do with the responsiveness) The video camera is great. The picture camera is alright, but I still haven't really given it a good run around. The improvements made are beautiful and functional. This really does feel like the future. To put it succinctly: my cousin who is an Apple aficionado saw the phone and what it could do and just said, "Wow...Apple feels like they're behind."This phone is a great buy. For starters you can see and fell the amount of design work done on it. When you hold it in your hand it feels like a quality product and the way it slopes on the sides helps for your hand to cradle it. Also the way all the manual buttons (volume, power/lock, camera) are on the side of the phone allows for you to intuitively use the phone one handed despite its larger size. I was skeptical of the wireless charging as first, seemed like a frivolous add on, but I have to admit it is nice to just pick the phone up off the charge pad. The camera has been pushed hard by Nokia and I have to admit it takes some great low light photos and you have to work to take a shaky photo with it. Also I feel like the image quality is clearer than your typical smartphone camera. The screen is also very impressive. It does as advertised work with gloves on and in direct sunlight increased the contrast on the screen so items pop out a bit more which is great when you trying to read an email on the go. In addition I don't feel the glare from the sun is all that noticeable. The introduction of the dual core processor is an improvement over the WP7 I had, it makes an already smooth OS even smoother and very responsive. The many Nokia apps are easy to use and stable as well as just fun to use. City lens is the best AR food app I have used so far. Overall it is a great phone and would recommend it to anyone.I work for an authorized retail store for AT&T and have used every single phone out there. The Nokia Lumia is the best I have ever seen. It is attractive beyond belief, easy to use, has a much larger app base than some would have you believe, is very durable (google drop tests), and has the most fluid interface of all the platforms out there. The camera is superb and the battery life is amazing. At first I though the battery sucked but that is because you have to turn on the battery saver mode in settings and turn of NFC function when you are not using it. After doing that this phone easily lasts 24 hours with very regular use. The sound quality in calls and on speaker is the best I have ever seen and the pre-installed apps such as Nokia Drive, Maps, Microsoft Office, and One Note are fantastic. All apps work amazing, never any glitching that I have seen and that goes for all Windows phones (Microsoft is very particular about their app development). By far the best phone I've ever had and the best $99.99 I've ever spent. Even bought one for my brother for Christmas. He loves it also :)Best things I love about the Nokia lumia 920 (and the previous lumia 900): - Nokia Music: Allows me to create a custom mix of music just by typing in the artist's name. It also allows offline download so that I can download it over wifi and then playback in my car. All I need is an FM transmitter to play it over my car's speakers. - Nokia Drive: Really neat for driving directions and GPS - Nokia City Lens: Augmented reality app that shows me the restaurants, shops in an area by just pointing the camera in that direction - Skydrive integration: Any photos are automatically uploaded to my skydrive account which makes them accessible from any other device that has a skydrive app. - Xbox live integration: Lots of games to play for free (trial versions) - Sturdy build, great screen size, excellent camera and sound clarity. I dropped the phone a few times and keep it in my jeans pocket...still no scratches. Here are some tips I use to maximize the battery life: 1. Turn Off the location sensor (GPS) unless I'm driving and I need a GPS. 2. Turn Off the WiFi unless I'm streaming music or downloading large files (like games, music, etc). For all other purposes the 4G LTE is really fast and I don't really need WiFi 3. Set the phone to airplane mode before going to sleep (saves the battery and also reduces my exposure to cellphone radiation while sleeping).This is the best phone I've ever had. I love this phone, could not put it down since I got it (3 days now). Everything is great about this phone, great operating system, great build quality. There are maybe few apps that are missing (and they are going to be there before you know it) but I was just sick and tired of iPhone (used to have 3GS and iPhone 4). Did not want to get the same phone for the next 2 years. My wife however first decided to get a new iPhone but after spending some time with this Nokia she was sold right away and decided to get this phone instead even knowing that there is a restocking fee. Don't pay any attention to all these stupid reviews stating this phone being too big and/or too heavy. The people who write them all use Apple products (it's a fact) and thus their opinions are highly subjective. So go to a store and take a look at this phone. You will not regret this, I promise!I have been an avid iPhone user for the past 3 years, and since I moved from my blackberry to the iPhone I have absolutely sweared by them. In that time I have built up a library of apps, added an iPad to my tools and have never even thought of moving platform. The hardest decision was to move to another platform and to start the daunting task of moving my contacts over, losing all my apps and setting up a new phone for all my accounts. But when I saw the Nokia 920 I wanted it. It should be noted the size and weight is not something I care about in a phone at all and going into the purchase aside fromt he forementioned 'changing platform annoyances' that was the only thing I was really worried about. Too my releif the setup of the new phone took less than 30 minutes. A simple bluetooth transfer of all my contacts from my iPhone, an install of the phone manager and the upload of all my playlists from iTunes was a breeze and straight forward. Using the phone is intuative, and the OS really pops on the screen which is amazing. I had never really thought about how bored I had got with the same old apple interface and how much fun a new one is to play around with. The nokia apps are excellent, and I find myself using Nokias maps and augmented reality app daily for new food spots around me (I live in Shanghai and as a foreigner there are some Gems you just wouldnt find otherwise). The battery life is great, wireless charging is just plane cool and apps are being added every day (although the app store is missing some of my favourites). There are 2 main things I have notice since using this phone 1) I find myself using apps less 2) With the bigger screen i find myself using my phone for emailing more than my iPad. I highly recommend this phone to anyone bored of the iPhone interface (the iPhone 5 is an exellent phone however) and to anyone that wants an excellent camera with them all the time. My biggets fear was moving form iPhone, but it turned out to be much much easier than I thoguht it would be, so dont let that deter you.This phone is the best phone I have ever owned. I came from the HTC Trophy and the Motorola droid before that. I really like both phones but this one is an incredible feature packed unit. Some complain about the weight but that was a non issue for me, I thought that the device might be too big for my pockets but the curved shape of the phone allowed for comfortable storage. I cannot say enough about this phone, camera is amazing, the screen is the best I have ever seen on a smart phone, I love Windows Phone OS, the microphones are great, Nokia software is top notch. Durability was a big factor for me, that is why I like the Droid so much. I saw what people do to this phone online (search Lumia 920 torture test) and It sold me on the quality of the device. The Engineers spent many hours crafting a beautiful device, I am not going to ruin that with a case, and with this phone I don't have to worry about it. I am not an appaholic so the marketplace is of perfect size for me. I have my casual games and Xbox integration along with connection to my work environment so it does everything I need without force closing randomly (hmm Android). I work in IT and people ask how I like it and If they should get one. I tell them that it is worth a try and If you just want something that works fluidly then this is a product they should seriously consider.First time using a Windows Phone. I must say; the OS is clean, beautiful, fast and functional. I came from using Android and Blackberry, and I would definitely not go back as long as the Windows Phone platform continues to improve. The Lumia 920 has the best screen I have yet seen on a phone. The body is very solidly contructed and asthetically pleasing. I keep getting passing comments about how nice it looks and people love to ask questions about it. I have nothing but good things to say about it. And to those who criticize the smaller (but rapidly growing) app list of about 120,000 apps at this point...the criticism is fair, but I'd like to add to that: when I got my first phone, it was the Nexus One. Back then, the Android platform was just beginning to show its promise (when there was so much optimism about the open OS, and the "Don't be evil" mantra, before Google decided to become the new Apple with its practices, but I digress), but at that time the app store was small as well and lacked many of the popular apps from the Iphone, but I stuck with it because I preferred the OS and the future promise of the platform. It paid off eventually...Years later, here comes Windows Phone 8 with a new set of promises and a shiny new OS to showcase. Again I made the switch. I love the design standards that Microsoft has set, with its clean and uniform experience across most apps on the system. The ability to share just about every media on your phone and in apps is far better than both iOS and Android, and the people app, which seamlessly integrates contacts from all of your popular social media platforms and email is a joy to use. Office is a great feature to have as well as OneNote. The camera is great and the camera apps are fun and functional. The Nokia drive and maps apps are wonderful and accurate. The Xbox Music store is great and a nice upgrade from the now-defunct Zune platform (sad face). The games app is great. The SmartGlass feature is awesome and innovative (it kind of defeats the purpose of the Wii U in my opinion). I mean, what else can I say? The call quality is solid. Messaging is a breeze. NFC is interesting and has useful applications. Internet explorer works just fine with everything I need to use it for. Nokia City Lens is cool. There are lots of settings and ways to customize your phone. In closing I will say that I can't emphasize how much I enjoy having this new phone to play with and use in my everyday life. I think that I made a good bet by switching, and literally every day the app store is growing and growing. Get yourself one, you won't regret it!Where to start? There are just so many good things about this phone and the Windows Phone 8 OS that it is tough to know where to start. I suppose I should start out by stating that I am somewhat of a Windows "fanboy" for lack of a better word. I am all in when it comes to Microsoft products owning the Xbox 360, Surface RT tablet, Windows 8 Pro laptop and of course Windows Phone. That being said I do try to rate products fairly but I wanted you the reader to know that there may be some bias in my review. I have owned several Windows Phones over the past few years. The Samsung Focus, Focus 2, HTC Titan, Lumia 900 and now the Lumia 920. I have thoroughly enjoyed each of the phones but the 920 certainly stands out as to what I feel is finally a true competitor to the Iphones and Samsungs of the world. This phone has some serious specs and can hold its own against its rivals when it comes to pure processing power. Everything is super smooth on this phone. Apps launch quickly, the internet is super speedy thanks to the LTE and the camera snaps pic after pic without a stutter. I finally feel that my phone isn't preventing me from doing anything that I want to do with it. I am very impressed with the power and speed of the 920. SCREEN: The screen is just gorgeous. It has a super high resolution which makes everything look soooo good. Text is easy to read and pictures just come to life (corny but true!) The screen also has a super sensitive mode where you can actually wear winter gloves and still control the phone as normal. It is pretty amazing the first time I tried this. You can also shut this off so you have complete control as to whether to use it or not. CAMERA: If you like to take pictures with your phone then this really is the phone for you. Nokia has done some amazing things with their camera technology here. The image stabilization for photos and videos is second to none. I have pretty shaky hands but all my pics and vids come out super smooth with this phone. The night time is where the camera tech really shines. Whether you are indoors or outdoors with poor to almost no light this camera still takes really bright and clear pics! It really is a must have feature if you like to take pics. The camera on this phone has replaced my need for a separate point and shoot camera. No joke. It is that good. If I were to critique the camera in any way it would be to say that the pics sometimes come out a little "soft" when taking pics during the day. Nokia has already stated that they plan a soon to be released update that allows for sharper pics so that negative could very well vanish in the near future. SOUND: I have never really been impressed with the sound quality of any phone I have ever had as far as playing music through the speakers without headphones. It is no different for me with the 920. The stereo speakers are ok but I wouldn't recommend listening to music without headphones. Once you do hook up your favorite pair of headphones the sound is much improved. Nokia uses Dolby Headphone technology and the sound the phone produces while using earbuds is impressive. The volume isn't the loudest but definitely loud enough to easily block out any outside noises. Also, no earbuds come with the phone. CALL QUALITY: So far I have no complaints with the call quality. When I ask people how I sound they say everything sounds good. I can also hear them easily and clearly through the earpiece. I am not a huge phone user on my phone (doh!) but so far I have had a very pleasant experience on calls. BATTERY LIFE: So far I am getting better than expected battery life. I thought with LTE I would be burning through a charge in 4 or 5 hours but so far I am easily making it through an entire work day with moderate use. I can take the phone off the charger at 5:30 AM and when I go to bed at around 10 or 11 at night I still have about 15-25 percent left. To me that is more than adequate. The battery does seem to get a bit warm when playing games or really pushing the LTE but I think that is pretty normal for these powerful phones. WIRELESS CHARGING: I purchased my 920 through an ATT store which was running a promotion for a free wireless charger. The 920 has that ability built right into the phone! It is pretty darn useful too. I keep the charging plate right on my nightstand and when I am done reading in bed I just place it on the pad and it starts to charge. No need to fumble with cords. BUILD QUALITY: This is one SOLID phone. I don't plan on dropping it but I would have to say that I would worry more about what I drop this on then the phone itself. This actually leads to what may be a downside for some people. The phone, compared to other phones, is a little heavier. I don't find it to be an issue and in fact like the strong feel of the phone but go to the store and check it out because some have noted that it bothered them. APPS: The Lumia 920 comes with Nokia Drive which is a really nice navigation app that easily compares to the paid version out there. I have used it a bunch of times and it has worked flawlessly every time. You also get a Microsoft Office suite which includes PowerPoint, Word, Excel and One Note. While I don't see myself creating complex spreadsheets on a phone it certainly is nice to be able to open and edit if I need to. OK, it looks like I rambled on way too long. I hope you found some useful info in my review. If you have any specific questions you want answers to just leave a comment and I will try to answer them all.Ive had HTC surround, HTC Titan, Lumia 900,Lumia 920. Windows phone continues to get better and can only get better. While it does lack in a few missing apps, the developers are working hard to bring clones if not better apps then what your used to on other operating systems. The Lumia 920 has superb support from Nokia and they want Lumia and windows phone to succeed! The curved Glass to me is the coolest part of outside of the phone. The Color sticks out and I get asked about it all the time! I love showing it off. The audio jack on top is perfect as well as external speakers on the bottom. The 32GB of storage is great and Skydrive helps save some space with "Picture auto upload" so your pictures wont take up all that space. I've NEVER had a problem with the phone slowing down or lagging with multiple apps open. The OIS is pretty slick feature on the camera that minimizes shaking and motion blur. Get this phone!This is a very impressive phone - I got it to replace my old BlackBerry and it is clearly a huge upgrade. The interface is easy to understand, very responsive and colorful. It easily manages my 500+ contacts, the Audible app works great, Nokia Music, Maps and smart photo apps are also excellent. I would really like to give this phone full marks. We have a couple of iPads at home, and I have to say I much prefer the Windows Phone interface. There are, however, a few kinks - some of which are major. The battery lasts through most days, but not always - with the extra free wireless charger from AT&T that is something easy to live with. The Smart Photo app sometimes hangs (although, impressively, the phone has never stalled like my BlackBerry used to - the home button always works). These I could live with. The major showstopper for me (and it is a big one) is that my work email and calendar are based on gmail and there is at least one major problem with how Windows Phone and Gmail interact. The problem is that when replying to emails with long subject lines, Windows Phone often messes up the header - basically rendering the email almost unreadable for the recipient. I want to think this is a small and easy to fix problem, but I was surprised to see it discussed on the Internet as far back as May and with Windows Phone 7. (The problem, in case any Microsoft employees read this, is that Windows Phone is adding extra line breaks in the long subject line - breaking the header and making the encoding and multipart boundaries part of the message body; which ends up rendering as plain text when HTML or some more expressive encoding needed). So I am not very confident a fix is coming. So I am currently torn on whether to keep my phone (and manually edit long subject lines when replying to email) or trade it in for Droid or iPhone (the Galaxy S3 is not advertised as a world phone in the US and probably wouldn't work for me).I have been using Lumia 920 for a month now. This is the best phone ever. I was an iPhone user and did not find any inconvenience of switching. Many people complain about number of Apps. But I do not find that is the problem for me. I frequently use Nokia Map, Nokia Drive (still in beta), some games (Black Jack). They are all good Apps. So far, no rebooting. WP8 is very fast and I got job done. Camera is superb and better than my Cannon. We just came back from a Cruise trip from Bahamas and use my phone shot many videos. There is a learning curve though. But regular users should pick up within two weeks. Trust me, if I can learn how to use it, everybody can. Price is a steal. You will never get this price for the next version because both hardware and software are maturing. The only reason you can get this low price is because not many people know WP8. Give it a try and you will feel it worth your money!With great pain and disappointment, I have to announce that I dropped my little Bumble Bee (yes, I have a yellow Lumia) and the screen is completely shattered. After frantically searching for a possible explanation why this Nokia is not like my Nokia I had 10 years ago, the one that I dropped times and times again but IS still working like a trooper, I have to come to terms with the fact that the screen is glass, no matter what kind of glass it will break if you are unlucky. I have to admit that I was fairly disappointed at first and there was this thought that I should probably search for a new phone because I'm so afraid this shattered screen will not be my first and only one. I still have my old iPhone 4 that I can use while waiting for my Bee to get fixed and see if I could switch back. That's when I realized I cannot live without my Lumia. It's almost like I took things for granted before, my life was so much easier then. The things that I miss: 1. The gorgeous and super sensitive screen. 2. The weight. I know this is a turn off for most but for me, I love the weight in my hands, iPhone is just way to light. Also, this phone can totally be a weapon if needed. :D 3. The navigation of the apps. It's so easy to find my most used apps with the re-sizable titles. 4. The back button. I can't count how many times in the last few days I keep touching the bottom left of my iPhone to go back to the screen before and then realized it wasn't there and it won't be, ever. 5. The camera. I won't say more, this has been over-discussed in many places. 6. The vibrant color that makes a statement wherever I go. 7. Nokia Drive. This GPS is so awesome it actually tells you the street names and highway names and exit numbers and in many different languages. 8. The fact that I can see how many emails and messages I have without having to unlock my phone. 9. Many other little things that I don't remember. I know that there is still a lot of room for improvements in many areas (apps store is first on the list) but it is the best phone for me and I can't wait to hold it again. Sigh, I miss you terribly!!!I fall in love with my black Nokia Lumia 920. It's fast, easy, beautiful, and very strong. I used to have all kind of models of Nokia (3310, 6600, E71, ... etc.) and last one was N8 it was really slow after I used it for more than a year. When I take out my 920 I don't think that I'm gonna be embarrassed. Because whatever I did on my N8 it took me couple or less than a second to do on my Nokia Lumia 920. Love everything in it, except battery sometime acting crazy, but it's all understandable with LCD screen, LTE and couple features that draw battery faster. One more flaw is in OS, it seemed to me a little limited from customization and of course lack of notification center. Overall great smartphone with perfect design, and rich history. However, the OS needs an improvement in areas that I listed above.I just purchased this phone and it is by far the best phone I have ever owned. There are many reasons: 1) Love the physical specs and how it fits in my hand. The 920 is very sturdy, and at 6.5 ounces, I actually like the weight of it. Some folks say it is too heavy, but I think it is just right. 2) The Windows Phone 8 OS is fantastic. It allows for the most personalized home screen experience, much more than the IPhone or Android, which both seem cold in comparison. 3) Kids corner is great for folks with kids. It allows you to have a 'kids' section that allows them to play games, listen to music, whatever you decide to allow. As a parent of yound kids, this will be fantastic for long car rides. They can't get into any of your mail clients or send texts. 4) The camera is the best out there for smartphones, with an 8.7 megapixel Carl Zeis lens, with Pure View technology. Couple that with Optical Image Stabilisation and a 4.5 inch gorilla glass screen, the pictures and video are amazingly clear, especially in low light conditions. My kids play sports and it takes amazing action shots. 5) Dolby sound lets me listen to music in style. 6) Windows Phone 8 has plenty of apps, inclusing 46 of the top 50 best selling apps today on Android and IOS. 7) Too many others to mention:) I just love this phone! Great job by Nokia and Microsoft for teaming up to make a best in class phone. The biggest issue is it appears hard to keep this phone is stock. If you try this, you will love it.The Nokia Lumia 920 is a perfect example of good high quality design. Me and my wife own one and love it. The phone feels just right in our hands (we both are Asians and have small hands). It is built like a tank. I accidentally dropped it from my table on a hard floor and there was not even a single scratch on the phone! The OS feels very fluid. The add-on apps from Nokia are very good. I use Nokia music all the time to download songs for listening offline. Nokia transit is also very useful when I am traveling. Skype keeps me connected to my loved ones and the weather app provides live weather updates. Basically as far as apps are concerned I am more or less a happy camper. Some of the reviewers are complaining about bad battery life. I get a solid two days of battery life out of my phone. The trick is to let the battery charge and discharge a few times in order to condition it. After about 4 or 5 cycles the battery life improves considerably.I bought the Lumia 920 from AT&T. I was replacing an HTC EVO Android smartphone. I love the Lumia 920. It has a beautiful design, feels solid (and is solid,,,I dropped it on the concrete and not a scratch on gorilla glass and still works!!). The camera with Pureview is the best I have seen. The phone is so intuitive to use and Windows Phone 8 operating system is integrated and flows with all apps...I like WP8 OS much better than Android. Android was much more complicated to use. Nokia also has an "offline" Maps feature which allows you to use GPS offline for driving or walking etc,,,and not use any data whatsoever. It also has a powerful Bing language translator (with many language packs) which can also be used offline. I love my Nokia 920!!See the updates under my original review. Original review: The Lumia 920 is a great smartphone. The tiles can be resized and moved so it was easy to customize my start screen to suit my needs. I like getting updated information from the live tiles. I hope more apps are developed to take full advantage of the live tiles. I plan on getting one for my mother because her bad eyes can easily see the medium resized tiles on the OS. The camera takes very clear pictures most of the time and there are camera apps that add more functions to the camera like multishoot and panorama. There aren't a lot of camera settings but there are enough for most users. The wi-fi is able to pick up signals from most of my neighbors and our houses have a good bit of space between them. The wi-fi signal in my 920 is stronger than my desktop's wired connection. Speedtest shows my 920 getting 3 times the speed of my wired desktop connection at the same distance from the router. Having access to all my documents and mobile MS Office on my phone is very useful. I can just load my documents onto a skydrive and access them anywhere and on any of my devices. I have my skydrive loaded with my SNES games, school documents, and work documents. It's free but it's limited to 7GB total storage and files can't be above 2GB. The screen is large and displays images beautifully. I've watched a few movies on it and the large screen is a huge improvement over my other phones. The large screen also makes games easier to see and control. There are tons of apps in the app store. I spent hours looking at all the different apps. All the most useful apps were free and there were a lot of free games in the store too. My favorite app is the SNES emulator. I'm enjoying playing all my old super nintendo games again. I'm very happy with my purchase. 1/31/2013 - Update: Avoid Battery Apps I began having problems with my Lumia 920 freezing, overheating, and the battery draining a little faster than usual. After reading similar problems and solutions I was able to elminate those problems by uninstalling a battery app that I downloaded from the app store. Battery apps don't come preloaded on the phone. It's best to avoid them so they don't cause problems. 2/17/2013 - Update: Constant Crashing I'm having problems with my Lumia 920 again. It's constantly locking up and forcing me to reset it. There are many apps that can cause problems so I disabled all of them. I also disabled the built in automatic clock updates because it can cause the Lumia 920 to crash. After about 10 mintues of playing any game on the phone it crashes, even when background apps, bluetooth, and auto clock updates are all disabled. It also gets very hot. I've tried to play games with my protective case off to see if that was causing it to overheat and crash, that didn't help. I regret buying this phone now. I paid full price through Amazon Wireless so it was a very expensive mistake. The constant crashing is the only thing I don't like about the phone. If you don't play games or use apps then this phone would be a good choice. If you use apps and play games on your phone then you should avoid the Lumia 920. Consider a different model Lumia or a Windows phone from a different manufacturer. 3/3/2013 - Update: My Lumia 920 is running perfect now After uninstalling more apps and updating everything my Lumia 920 is finally running without crashing. I think my problems were fixed by the new HERE Drive, HERE City Lens, HERE Maps, and HERE Transit apps that replaced the old versions. I've been adding apps back onto the phone and I've been using it a lot more than usual for testing purposes and it's running smooth. Now I can recommend this phone to my friends and family. The freezing issue was the only flaw the Lumia 920 had, now it's flawless.Don't let the price point fool you. I would have paid 2-3x what this phone retails for with a new contract. Lumia 920 brings a user experience maturity exceeding the iPhone, the platform experience (think security, stability) of modern versions of Windows (e.g. Windows 7), with a price-point that would enable you to buy several Lumia 920's for the price of one comparable iPhone or advanced Android device. Among other Windows Phone devices, the next nearest competitor is the HTC 8X. While free (with contract) versions of the HTC 8X can be found, (representing a pretty amazing deal), the Lumia 920 has 4x the storage, and a lot of additional features to offer, including advanced camera and exclusive gps software functionality. My wife also upgraded to a Lumia 920 from a droid at the same time, and a month or so in, is still remarking over how everything not only just works, it's easier to use, and works without the malware concerns, the bugs, and the poor integration / quality issues of the droid. For both of us, our Lumia 920's are the only electronic device we carry, and it serves more than adequately as a phone, camera, gps, messaging, browser, music/video player (Xbox music), portable game console (Xbox), kindle book reader, and more. While most Windows Phone 8 devices offer all that, the AT&T/Lumia 920 combo is definitely designed to build loyalty through value not only for Nokia but also AT&T... and for my wife and I both, it's working.If you hate navigating automated phone services as much as I do then this is the phone for you! As soon as I place a call the screen instantly goes black so I don't have to try to work through a series of numerical prompts. I can just sit back and scream obscenities until an operator picks up and connects me with whomever I need to speak. Brilliant! But what if the automated service doesn't respond to my voice, you ask? Not to worry! Once the call is connected it's impossible to hang up, and thanks to the Lumia 920's superb microphone, which picks up enough background noise to keep most automated services engaged, I'll be on the line until the SIM card is forcibly removed or the battery dies. And speaking of battery life... wow! If I get tired of yelling I can just put the phone down and let the automated service cycle through all its available prompts until its only remaining option is to connect me with an operator. I can go about my day while the phone does all the work of getting through for me. Talk about convenience! I know, you're probably thinking this sounds too good to be true. I originally thought the same thing, so I stopped by my local AT&T store to make sure I wasn't paying loads extra for a feature I had unknowingly signed up for. Not at all! In fact, I was kindly assured there was nothing that anyone could do to change it. If you're in the market for a truly smart phone, this one leads the pack by a healthy margin.Just upgraded from Iphone this weekend to Lumia 920. This phone is really impressive. Features are smart and user friendly. Windows 8 live tiles are a fresh update to the icons we have become used to on iphone and all imitators. Tiles allow you design your own icons with live information. The apps I have downloaded so far are excellent. I have found several apps on this phone to be superior in function and with better features compared to similar apps I have always used on iphone. Nokia app "transfer my data" took a couple minutes to download all contacts from my iphone to the lumia despite AT&T saying this was not possible. Some may hesitate to purchase Windows phone because there are less overall apps available compared to iphone and android. I would highly advise to look at the quality of apps and what apps you actually use. Can't imagine there is much if anything you would really want that is not available. Camera is also great as advertised. Pictures in low light come out great. There is a Nokia panorama app available for those who care. Nokia music service also awesome particularly for those liking Pandora. You can download playlists of your choice for offline use so you do not need wifi or 4G to listen to music. Music service is also free. General features like setting up e-mail, contacts, blue tooth including car hook up are all so smooth and do not require any help to setup. Speed on 4G LTE for those who have not used yet is ridiculous when downloading. These are just early impressions since only using a few days. So far love this phone. Screen is beautiful. Phone is much larger than iphone which I was concerned might bother me but really has not at all.Excellent screen, camera and OS. Super fast and fluid OS - honestly so refreshing to use. Honestly my only complaint is that the phone is a little large. I can just barely navigate the phone one handed, add to that the smooth black texture and I sometimes end up dropping it. No big deal there, though, this is quite a strong/robust phone. I use skydrive for my personal file storage and use xbox music on my laptop, xbox 360 and phone. For new years eve I went on my xbox and added one of the pre-made playlists to my own collection. Then I plugged in my phone at the party and streamed the music for hours over LTE.A little background. I really liked Nokia phones in the past. When they dropped Symbian I got iPhone 4S and used it for 1.5 year as my main phone. When it was time to upgrade I did some research and was choosing between HTC One, iPhone 5 and this phone. I didn't like Android version of HTC, though the casing/hardware is stunning. iPhone 5 was familiar but seemed dated, plus the screen quality seemed inferior to Nokia's. In two days I set all the apps I was using on iPhone (I am not a big app user - maps, outlook email, United airlines, Chase bank, flash, calculator, FB). iPhone goes on craig's list. Didn't see any issues yet. After light day's usage with phone calls, emails, taking few pics, there is more then half battery left. Had it for a week, it dropped ones, no scratches and I don't have a case. The similar drop of iPhone resulted in a chip. I highly recommend this phone.Pros: -Great sound, call quality (after all this is primary for phone) -Beautiful and bright screen (functional outdoors!) -Plenty of internal storage (32GB) -Standard Micro USB connector -Tough, feels solid -Windows 8 Phone is FAST, intuitive and attractive -Good Battery Life (Unpin the ESPN Tile!) -Good sync with outlook/exchange (Better than iPhone) -Nice Camera -Wireless charging - cool and convenient -Nokia Maps is a good GPS program and you can store maps for states and countries individually so you are not using cell data -Windows phone desktop app pretty nice at syncing multimedia, etc. (tested on windows 7) Cons: -No SD Slot -No battery percent visible(Several free apps can do this but should be built in) All in all VERY pleased and expecting to see windows phone market share jump considerably as a result of phones like these. Several colleagues have switched to this phone from android after seeing it.I have this phone for a couple of months now and I just love it, I'm a photographer and used to carry a pocket camera when I didn't have my pro gear with me , Now I only have my phone and the results are excellent. In addition this phone replaces my music player and GPS, It does a great job in all these fields and on top the call quality is great. you can find plenty of information about the features of this phone online so I'll keep it short,Take a look at this video I shot with the Lumia 920 while flying to Catalina Island and judge for yourself. [...] or search on youtube for "Take off from LA to Catalina Island, Shot with Nokia Lumia 920"I may be a little late to the party, but here's my two cents about this phone. I've owned and used cell phones continuously for over twenty two years. Really bad phones...really mediocre phones...and really good phones. The Lumia 920 is a really good phone. This cell phone has been my daily driver for the past three years and eight months and has worked FLAWLESSLY from day one. No problems. EVER. No issues with day-to-day performance. No issues with battery life through the day or with charging. It has done everything I have expected of it with ease and grace and has remained trouble-free throughout its service life. In my mind, that is the best reflection of a phone's value. If you're considering purchasing this phone, from my ownership perspective, I truly believe it would be an excellent choice for you.I dont usually write reviews... but this phone is so fantastic that I had to write one. Weight: I was initially worried about the weight, given that I prefer thin and light in all my gadgets. However after having this phone for a couple of days, the size and weight don't seem like an issue. In fact it feels normal and all other smaller and thinner phones feel tiny and flimsy now :) Screen: Great quality. Thought I might miss the AMOLED, but this pure motion LCD keeps me satisfied. Apps: Barely enough to keep me from returning the phone, however the nokia maps, music and other services are worth it. If you are planning on getting a windows phone 8, then this is the one. Even worth switching from VZ to ATT. Disclosure: I work for MSFT and hold NOK stock. In any case I absolutely love this phone.I've just got the 920, and it is overall very impressive. The OS looks extremely good, smooth and simple to use too, and the phone itself looks very solid (and looks cool!). The camera works great for pics and videos. The free Nokia apps are a very big value-add too (for example the Nokia Drive is an awesome turn-by-turn GPS solution in my phone). The only drawback is that the phone feels just a little too heavy, but it's not really a big deal. BTW, I do work at Microsoft, but this is just my personal opinion from experience, as I've used iPhones and Android phones for very long time in the near past, and I'm not biased by my employer.Bought this phone directly from ATT last week as they were offering the wireless charging plate along with it. Compared to my husband's SIII this device is definitely a bit more hefty (I just had to find something to complain about). But in all seriousness I love this phone. The call quality is great and the camera is just Amazing. Now it did take a bit to get used to the tiles and overall navigation but now that I have used it for a few days, I think it provides more of a richer user experience than Android. The Nokia Maps that can be used offline for navigation purposes are a plus. As a mom I also really like the kid zone feature as it helps control what my kids can access when I allow them to play games on the phone. Did I mention I am able to charge my phone wirelessly. Even though the build quality is great; I would highly recommend getting a case and a screen protector especially if you have kids that love to play with your devices and accidentally drop em. Wish I had purchased them while at the store but I did not get them as I thought the accessories offered were plainly overpriced and there was not much to choose from. Anyways have ordered a screen protector through Amazon (was def less expensive than the ones being offered at the store, will most probably receive it sometime tomorrow...will share if it is worth the buy). Now with regards to a case, am still looking for one as I am yet to find one that I really like (open to suggestions)Buy this phone! I am an iPhone convert. I have Windows 8 on my home computer and the Phone App in it works great! I synched all my iTunes music almost 2,000 songs without any problem. The Nokia has great speakers, great look/feel, and I "mastered" it in just one night of playing around. The HELPS/TIPS app already loaded is extremely user-friendly and they seemed to anticipate every question I came up with. Really a nice phone and I love, love, love the larger screen.Love the phone. I've had it for two weeks, and enjoy it thoroughly. For my needs, here are the things I like: 1) Nokia Drive is an excellent turn-by-turn GPS system - that is TRUE turn-by-turn. 2) Audio quality is superb. I've had several people comment that I didn't sound like I was on a cell phone. Likewise, the voice quality of the person speaking to you is noticeably better than any other smartphone I've used. 3) People hub and contact integration is just cool. 4) Camera works particularly well in low light. For video, the hardware image stabilization is very effective. The cons: 1) Phone gets very warm quite often ... when charging, when browsing on WiFi, when playing games, and when talking more than a few minutes on the phone. 2) Battery life is less than expected, and I tend to notice the symptom most when there are a particular couple of apps running in the background. 3) Nokia City Lense is cool in theory, but misses the target (I only use it for the novelty of it). 4) You can't use NFC to make payments (at least not yet anyway). This is more of a shortcoming with AT&T than with the phone ...I have been using this phone for more than two years now. Just love it!!!. Waiting for Lumia Denim and Windows 10. I think i will hold on to it until a real Win 10 flagship comes out. Here is my review about this phone and WP8 in general. Pros: Experience is smooth. Easy to use. Cortana - as a non native English speaker, I was blown away how correctly it understands me. Live Tiles- I don't need to open the weather app to see the weather. My Facebook notifications are right there. Opening apps - How easy it is to search and open an app. Try the same in a iPhone when you have 50+ apps installed. Pinning - Found it so convenient to pin what i need to the home screen. Word Flow keyboard - One should try it. How it even corrects the names i stored in my address book, Amazing! Here Drive - I haven't used my regular GPS in two years now. Offline navigation is awesome. (No cell phone signal/data required) 32 GB internal hard drive - has tons of space for my apps and music. Wireless charging - How easy it is to put the phone down for charging when you are in bed. Using this phone in broad daytime sunlight - It adjusts the display automatically so you don't have to squint your eyes. No "force close" issues i found in my old HTC Android before. Even: Limited Customization. Though limited, i found it satisfactory. Cons: Phone itself is little heavy. Some missing apps. Big deal for some. Being late to the party, WP in general suffers from this disorder. Apps are not updated by developers often. Speaker Volume low. Battery life could be better. Sometimes the phone is getting very hot. IE crashes often after the 8.1 Dev Preview update. Watch this You tube video for Cortana - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvxuV78xtDwI recently discovered the Nokia 920 because my wife gave it to me as a present, replacing my Android phone. What a gift! For me, this phone offers a great balance between functionality and fun. As a plus, it has one of the most beautiful screen resolutions I've ever seen in a phone. Absolutely love the way Windows 8 Live Tiles perform - move them, shuffle them, resize them, delete them. Watch them update with new info, too. They are so easy and intuitive to use. Adding a new app? ... then just add a new tile on the main page or let the app reside with others sorted alphabetically on an adjacent page that is just a finger push away. This phone is very efficient and fun. Very cool features with camera apps - Try Smart Shoot, Creative Studio, Cinemagraph, and PhotoBeamer. Also, the phone came pre-loaded with Office Word and Excel. Thank you! One more plus, among the many others I'm still discovering, is not having to physically plug-in the phone to charge it. I just place it on the wireless cradle that stays plugged in at home. Somehow, it charges wirelessly without any metal-to-metal contacts. Nice.I've had Nokia Lumia 920 black for 9 days now, pre-ordered at att website on 11/7, l love it since day one. I've used it intensively day and night. Every piece of apps work excellently. Both hardware and software are implemented flawlessly. Top quality. Setup three yahoo email accounts,one Gmail,one hotmail,one Comcast email. New email messages are pushed to my home screen automatically with numbers. Tiles can be enlarged to show latest message, since I have too many email accounts, I use the smallest title on home screen. Nokia drive + is the fastest GPS navigation, it locks the satellites signals within 3 seconds. Only complaint is it won't announce the side of street at destination when I followed it to a at&t store in west Dundee,Il. TomTom has the same issue but Garmin and iGuidance donot. Hope Nokia knows the issue and a fix is on the way. I downloaded maps for whole USA,Canada,China mainland and Hong Kong. It used up about 5 GB, it still leaves me 22 GB for other purposes. I shoots a beautiful lake view HD video with gooses flying over and landing in the lake of Elgin,IL. Floating lens completely removed my hand shaking. Battery lasts me whole on intensive usage. I beleive for regular use, it can last 2 days for one full charge after twice cycling. I am writing the review from my Nokia Lumia 920 from ie10 web browser in mobile mode. oops, it auto sent out. let me continue from my laptop. I installed shopping apps like amazon, amazon kindle, ebay, cragslist,homedepot, gasbuddy. unfortunately there is no amazon wireless app. I used the ebay app and ordered a nokia battery for my wife, the experience is so fantastic, there is no need to bother my laptop at home via wifi or on the road on my 3GB data pro plan. it is kind of freedom. yes, I am liberated from my laptop by nokia lumia 920. I have more time with my family now. I installed banking apps like chase, bank of america, but citi is not there. Heard my complaint, citi ? I'll move my account to chase if you don't create a app for windows phone 8. actually chase app can also do the check deposit, I've already set it up and will deposit all my check payments to chase. I installed realtor and zillow apps for shopping houses. redfin is not available at the time of writing. oh, i forgot to mention yahoo email has an issue, it can not send out email for free email account except the one that is bound to sbcglobal.net (at&t dsl account) even I set up exact smtp settings as sbcglobal.net. so obviously it is yahoo which intentionally disables free email account to send email via smtp server. Recently I went to shop a SFH, I used the PureView camera to take pictures of outside and inside of the single family house. it turned out excellent pics. no need to carry my huge Canon digial DSLR any more. finaly, I want to thank nokia, microsoft, att and mobile app developers to set me free from my garmin gps, lenovo laptop, canon DSLR camera, etc, let me have more time to stay with my family.OK so I have had the phone for about a week and here are some comments on the phone. First I must say I am an engineer and I work in product development and testing (hardware). Coming off three consecutive Android phones (2 Xperias and way back a Dell Streak) Here are a few thoughts on the phone: Pros: 1. The hardware is flippin amazing. I mean really really amazing. The iphone is an obvious comparison and they are on par (my wife has the 4S). The tolerances are very high and it is very well constructed. The unibody design does wonders. 2. The screen is very good. The pixel density may not be GS4 like but it is very very good. Bright, clear etc... 3. The camera is hands down the best camera that you can get on a cell phone. The pics are absolutely amazing. The video is even more amazing. I find myself taking pics ALL the time now which makes my wife happy cause she always says I never take any pictures of the kids... 4. Speaker sound is really good for a cell phone but dont expect wonders. It is on par with the Iphone according to 6 people drinking beers at a BBQ. 5. Call quality great 6. NOKIA apps are really great. (NOKIA MUSIC, Maps etc...). This is clearly the flagship Windows phone. Gray Area: 1. Windows 8 is great but not perfect. I have a windows 8 tablet and I love all the gestures and I was expecting it here. I also miss the file browser. I hear it is coming but it is silly that they don't have that. Why try to be like Apple when you have the hardware...come on MS! To be honest windows 8 on a tablet is a better experience minus the apps. 2. Initially I was a little bored with WP8 but found that once you get used to it you will actually find you use the functionality of the phone more. I really thought that was a load of BS from MS but I think they are right. Not to bash Android as I think the openness is really great but I find the WP8 experience to be smoother and everything runs faster. 3 Battery life is just OK. Cons: 1. BING button stinks like three day old fish. You will hit it from time to time and curse Microsoft for forcing it upon us. 2. I prefer hardware buttons vs touch screen buttons. They seem to stay out of the way better. 3. WP8 has a few problems and hiccups. It is very very functional but sometimes things do not work exactly as they should (like Nokia music saying you have not network connection when you do). Also some of the system design is a little backwards like the way it organizes your contacts. I think it is a matter of getting used to it. 4. MOST ANNOYING thing is the lack of continuity between windows 8 and Wp8. If you buy an app for your tablet you DO NOT get it free for your phone. This is utter rubbish in my opinion. Even with these negatives it is a 5 star product....This is a great phone for your buck as compare to high end smartphone from apple, Samsung and blackberry, I will be buying a new smartphone and the release of this confuse me a little bit cause I decided to buy the Samsung galaxy s4, I did tried and tested this a week ago, the availability of Microsoft office suit, the GPS which I believe is pretty good comparable to my Magellan and garmin GPS. For GPS functionality alone you can save between 150 to 200 dollars by buying this phone, how about the availability of office suit wherein you can edit you document anyplace without going to your computer table or notebooks that is another 100 dollars savings, The camera feature is pretty good also. If this phone will cost you 450 dollars you deduct the saving from gps say 150 dollars plus say 50 dollars for the Microsoft office suit that is 200 dollars meaning you are only paying 250 dollars for LUMIA 920. I have magellan App's on my old iphone 3gs and it cost me $60.00, for nokia lumia the GPS is included for FREE, What is great about the NOKIA built in GPS is it is worldwide, my friend was able to use the nokia LUMIA GPS in ASIA. NOW I AM CONFUSE WILL DECIDE SOON WHETHER I WILL GET THIS ONE OR THE SAMSUNG GALAXY S4. I am a heavy user of Microsoft office suit and GPS for my daily routine. Since I have IPAD, IPHONE 3GS, I think I can have this phone so that I can access my word document anytime and in any places. I ever I decide to buy this phone I will use this together with my ipad and will maintain my old iphone for my other apps. The windows app's are not good enough and very few populars apps are available.I am a happy Nokia Lumia 900 phone user and I am so happy to finally get the Nokia Lumia 920 (Yellow) WP8 device. Happy to see the tiles are now customizable. Fell in-love with Lumia 900's camera specially when taking videos and photos and guess what? Lumia 920 never fails me at all. We now have an option to shoot videos at 1080p (default is 720p) it will auto detect and turns the light on in low-light yes, during video recording. Aside from the tap and share photos we can now use the Nokia maps to share locations (for HTC WP8 users bing maps has this feature too). I also like the new Family Room feature where you can invite facebook friends/relatives or other person you want to add from your contact list so you can track events and recent activities of the people you know and care :) If you have kids definitely turn on the Kid's corner so you can let your kids play your phone and not mess with it. I have posted some videos on my you tube channel (teknowsit) if you want to check Nokia Lumia's 900 video on Richard Marx's recent Seattle concert. I will soon upload my videos from my Lumia 920's for future reference. Wish list: Hopefully in the future WP will be able to play the videos purchased from my xbox live account so I can have a complete user experience from xbox-surface-pc-phone devices.Don't let it drop on the floor. That happened to me 2 or 3 years ago, and that was the end of it. I think the 700 series are just as good, and not as heavy.I purchased the Nokia Lumia 920 in White at my local AT&T store. Coming from a Windows 7 and previously Android device, here's my review: Hardware: - Screen is bright, easy to read, and crystal clear. Gorilla glass doesn't smudge up like my prior phones. - Weight is not an issue - the phone feels substantial, which is a good thing. Fits perfectly in my hand to make a phone call. I also don't get the feeling that it will shatter if I drop it - 4G LTE is blazingly fast. Even on the standard "4G" network, the phone is much snappier than my previous devices - Screen size is just right for me; at 4.5", plenty of real estate without being a "note type" device - Camera is amazing, quick to take pictures especially with the dedicated camera button - Battery life has been 1.5 days on average with moderate usage Software: Windows Phone 8 continues on with the familiar interface of WP7. Having previously owned an Android device, I find WP to be refreshing and easy to use. Tiles (called Live Tiles if they update automatically) present information in a fluid, easy to understand manner without being obtrusive. New to WP8, tiles can be resized small, medium, and large to give you just the amount of information you need. Apps can be pinned as tiles or accessed via the next screen (swipe right) to see a list of all phone apps. Now let's address the Apps. Lots of media sites make a big deal out of the lack of apps on Windows Phone 8. They said the same on WP7. But let's be realistic, I've owned the WP7 since it released in 2010 and never missed having a certain app. Also, given the number of quality apps that are being released this is a non-issue. Worst case, use the quick Internet Explorer 10 browser, which renders beautifully, BTW, to augment the app you need. Some might find it a deal-breaker - I find it to be an overblown non-issue. There have been some enhancements to the phone sync methods with a Windows 8 PC - I suspect that after a few teething issues, Microsoft will get this right and have the ability to move files and media around efficiently. At any rate, there is always SkyDrive which works great with music, photos, and Office documents. Synopsis - buy this device if you want a solid piece of hardware running an solid operating system that is easy to use.What I love about this phone: - Camera: the photos are so awesome, you can sell your point&shoot camera on ebay after getting this phone. - Nokia apps: I didn't know I needed these apps until I use them: Nokia music, gps, city lens, etc... - Hardware: this baby is fast, fluided, camera button, beautiful screen, rugged, responsive. - Apps: I feel like windows has all the apps I needed, I was worry but now I feel this phone has better apps since there are exclusive nokia apps and ms office apps linked to skydrive (cloud storage). There are also Xbox games connect (I do not have a xbox, but a plus for those who do to link your games) - seamless integration with what you do and serve it better than iphone and android. Emails, live titles, less swipes to get things done. Cons: - it can't do dishes, or cook. However, with ms office and skydrive, you can organize your routine better and have time to cook and clean! Love this phone!This is by far the best phone I have ever had. The camera is amazing and the white cover looks great. I would greatly recommend this phone to anyone who wants to switch from android and iphone, or if you are looking for your first smartphone. Edit: After the first firmware update this phone is even better than before. They fixed a small issue the phone had with the pictures not being sharp enough. The battery life has also improve. Go Nokia !Hardware: Very modern, elegant and yet functional polycarbonate exterior. I don't think you need to put on a case unlike some other phones out there. It feels very solid and comfortable holding it. A little extra weight compared to others doesn't bother me at all, especially when this Lumia offers several innovative features (see other reviews for a full list) you can't find elsewhere. Software: WP8 UI and UX are fantastic and very fluid. Of course this is no surprise to people coming from WP7 like me. I must say, however, I'm pleasantly surprised how much faster this feels compared to my two year old Samsung Focus which was one of the most fluid performers back then. It's a day and night difference. To serious photographers like me, I think this phone's camera alone would be enough reason to buy. Light gathering capability is simply unmatched due to the optical stabilization (OIS) and the f/2.0 lens. iphone 5 has a f/2.4 lens and Samsung Galaxy III has a f/2.8, both with no OIS. (For those who don't know, lower "f" number is "better" for light gathering.) Check out pictures posted on Flickr to get an idea. Indoor and night photos are groundbreaking for a phone camera. I can finally ditch my point-and-shoot camera and happily use this phone for daily snapshots when I don't have my Nikon DSLR around. Combination of 920's HW and Microsoft's SW is truly a work of art in both form and function. And I don't give out that kind of compliments easily.I purchased the new Lumia 920 and I have to say, it's he best phone I have ever owned. The screen is absolutely incredible. Beautiful pictures and video...and the phone is just fast. The home page feels great because I customize it with the stuff I care about. For me, I have had a couple iPhones and I was deciding between the iPhone or the 920. At the end of the day, I just couldn't get excited about the iPhone since it's just kind of the same thing I have had for several years. The 920 is fresh, new and fun. I couldn't be happier with my choice. - best camera in class, wireless charging, display quality, social media is just integrated into the phone, music subscription allows for unlimited downloads or streaming...I recently picked up a Nokia Lumia 920... I'm extremely impressed. For me the choice was WP8 with the iPhone as a back-up if I didn't like this phone - I'm tired of Android, well at least Samsung's Android phones. The main things I considered before buying this phone was the camera and NFC - the latter more for work since we're playing around with NFC tags (so by default the iPhone wasn't included but I'd still prefer that over Android). The camera rocks and the filters are very cool. Nokia is still working on updating a few WP7 programs but I'm having a great time with the apps currently available. My wife, who has an iPhone, is constantly peeking at my Lumia as well as borrowing it to surf the web. While she likes the Lumia 920 and thinks it is a better phone overall she's still very happy that she has the iPhone due to the 4s' size - both the iPhone 5 and Lumia 920 are too tall for her. Additionally, the apps available for the iPhone, that she uses (medical related) aren't available for WP8 so I wouldn't dream of trying to convert her even if the Lumia was the right size for her. So all in all, I'm extremely happy with my decision to get the Lumia 920 and I'm already looking forward to the next Lumia flagship that includes a larger sensor in addition to the image stabilization :-) If you're looking for a phone that takes really good pictures then this is it. By the way, I guess it's worth mentioning a possible downside. I say possible before it's not a bad thing for some people but for me it is. I actually don't like the matte feel because it's slippery to me. I love the look of black matte. In fact as far as artwork goes the Lumia 920 is probably one of my favorite pieces but I probably will exchange it for the shiny white gloss Lumia. For whatever reason I have better grip when I hold the shiny gloss versions of the Lumia 920. Plus the white version looks even better in the 'high contrast mode' :-) Anyways I'm glad to see all the positive reviews for the Lumia 920. I'm happy we switched from Sprint to AT&T - the early termination fees were worth it. UPDATE Feb. 16th I'm still really happy about my purchase. I love my phone. Just wanted to add that the customer service from Nokia is amazing. The grip on my phone was something that I worried about. Nokia ended up sending me a really great case to help with the grip that also does a great job of protecting the phone. Needless to say I was extremely impressed with their commitment to their phones and providing a great customer experience as well as the speed in which they responded. So just wanted to add my two cents - you're not only getting an amazing phone but you're also getting a great customer service experience from Nokia as well.I am a happy Nokia Lumia 900 phone user and I am so happy to finally get the Nokia Lumia 920 (Yellow) WP8 device. Happy to see the tiles are now customizable. Fell in-love with Lumia 900's camera specially when taking videos and photos and guess what? Lumia 920 never fails me at all. We now have an option to shoot videos at 1080p (default is 720p) it will auto detect and turns the light on in low-light yes, during video recording. Aside from the tap and share photos we can now use the Nokia maps to share locations (for HTC WP8 users bing maps has this feature too). I also like the new Family Room feature where you can invite facebook friends/relatives or other person you want to add from your contact list so you can track events and recent activities of the people you know and care :) If you have kids definitely turn on the Kid's corner so you can let your kids play your phone and not mess with it. I have posted some videos on my you tube channel (teknowsit) if you want to check Nokia Lumia's 900 video on Richard Marx's recent Seattle concert. I will soon upload my videos from my Lumia 920's for future reference. WP8-PC connection is also easy now and doesn't need the Zune software. Phone explorer enables you to copy to-from PC-phone so saving/sharing stuff is now easy. You can also make use of the skydrive to keep your devices in-sync. Login to Windowsphone . com and go to Purchase History and you can re-install your apps to your device. Wish list: Hopefully in the future WP will be able to play the videos purchased from my xbox live account so I can have a complete user experience from xbox-surface-pc-phone devicesI can't believe how sexy and smooth this phone is. Fast, fresh, fluid & fantastic. Class leading camera, class leading looks, I'm staggered how good this Nokia is. I currently own an iPhone 4 which is a great phone, an HTC android which I absolutely loathe as it's UI is frustratingly slow and unintuitive, the new Nokia blows them both out of the water. Simple, sexy, smooth and suave, the Lumia 920 is a huge breath of fresh air.Got this phone yesterday and I love it! I heard a lot about the phone from my husband and he really got me excited about it. After playing with the phone, I now understand why he was so excited. Wireless charging is a really great technology and the video stabilization is really cool. Not sure how it works, but it sure does. The phone is a little big to carry, but I've seen bigger screens so I guess this fits in right in the middle of the market. The screen is clear and beautiful, by the way. Love it!I'm not a super techy person, so I can't provide a detailed review of all the "specs" or features. But I did switch from an Android phone and I'm so glad I did. The Windows phone system is very intuitive, and I love the Lumia 920. It is big... and I thought it might be too big, but I quickly got used to it, and all my friends are jealous of the beautiful display. I haven't had any "bugs" in the 3 weeks that I've had it. I love it, love it, love it.I dont own the phone, but will try to buy unlocked to use with another company. I went to Att store and had a chance to play with it. In one word it rocks! It has a classy expensive feel to it like a polished ceramic feel to the body of the phone. Very nice to hold you dont notice the wieght at all unless you grab the HTC WP8 that was next to it. But the HTC is also smaller of course. The Nokia screen very bright, clear and crisp and also very very fluid and super smooth when scrolling sideways or up and down. In all fairness HTC WP8 also very smooth on screen scrolling etc, the processors on both phones are top notch. Took some pictures inside the Att store of a friend of mine, colors very true with or without flash could not try low light because store was fully lighted. I did also take pictures with the HTC WP8 very nice too i would say, but when compared with the lumia 920 both me and my friend noticed lumia much better pictures. The Video recording also outstanding the image stabalizer very nice but if you shake your hand alot of course video will be jumpy. One thing i noticed i played back some music and it was very loud and clear even inside the Att store that was busy and noisy! City lens worked just as they advertise. Everything flows right with the phone go to store and play with it. Sure its WP8 interface from Microsoft. But the live tiles and ability to move and resize, and personalize them seemed much easier to me than the Apps that you move around in an Android phone. Also Most people in this day and age because of age, straining our eyes on computers etc, our eyes are not the same anymore! The abilty to and resize your tiles will makes a world of difference on the eyes! Go to store and try one out you will see for yourself :) Also dont think because because they lowered the price to $99.00 dollars the phone is of inferior quality! Nokia must be loosing money here!!!! I guess this is what you do regain back your status and customer base. And btw Samsung and Apple also lowering prices drastically!! Great to be a consumer in this day and age .great quality apps, love the seamless integration with facebook, twitter, linkedin, hotmail etc. Very appealing visually in software as well as hardware. Love the Carl Zeiss lens and above all the USB data transfer so that I can transfer from my linux machine also. I don't have to wait for iTunes or anything. Another amazing thing is that as Nokia claims, the screen is really scratch proof. I accidentally dropped my new phone on a pebbled surface. The corners did get bruised a little bit but there was not even a mark on the screen even though the phone landed face down on that pebbled ground.This phone works great, the sound quality of conversations is superb! Now I know this should be obvious but lately it isn't, my previous HTC phone had calls dropped etc etc, this one hasn't dropped one call (both phones were used in my office so location has not changed) I like the size the weight is good, feels very well built. Most apps I need are there...still waiting for optimum app (my internet provider) to get their app running for windows. Its has many interesting options not seen in previous phones I had (like a kids default setting etc) Take the phone for a day and you will discover its a great great phone and the price makes it even better!I just ordered this phone a week back , initially I thought It was too big. Especially after reading the reviews. But a day into using it , the Phone seems perfect, the screen , the size everything. Although the camera isn't as good as advertised , the phone is a truly new Experience. the Nokia specialized apps work great with day to day life usage. It's very very solid Plastic. Seems greatly built. I ended up getting the Glossy White, instead of the Matte black. And I like the New Feel that the glossy white carries even after a week's use.I love my new Nokia Lumina 920 Yellow phone! It integrates perfectly with work (E-Mail, Calendar, Lync, SkyDrive,Office, etc.) and my personal life. The user experience is fluid and easy to learn. The People Hub brings all my friends, contacts, and family into an easy to follow area where through one live tile I can drill down to see my wall on facebook, updates on linkedin, etc. All of my family also got a Nokia Lumina 920 phone which includes my wife and three boys. Everyone finds it easy to use. XBOX music gives you unlimited free music for our family members by upgrading our XBOX Live family account. I have used XBOX Smartglass on my phone to control the XBOX we use for our home entertainment center using my phone to bring up playlists, Netflix, etc. We have tons of app's we have downloaded missing very view games and a few other capabilities teenagers love. You can take a snapshot of your screen on the Windows 8 phone. Nokia Drive is excellent along with the other Nokia app's. I find the one step upload of pictures to Facebook super simple. Take picture click share type message and it is posted. Don't have to open any app's to do these basic tasks. The twitter app Rowi works great. The screen resolution is excellent I do not need my reading glasses to read info on my phone. The camera works as good as my digital camera and I have it set up to upload my pictures to SkyDrive automatically. I can log on with my Windows Live ID on any device Computer, Tablet, or phone and see my SkyDrive content. I also love the wireless charging. When my phone needs charging (ever other day) I set it on my wireless charging plate and it charges. Once you use wireless charging you will never want to go without it. Good luck in making your choices there is more than enough good feedback on this phone to show it is a no brainer that this is the best phone out on the market right now. Windows 8 phone is a fantastic operating system. I have purchased a Windows 8 Surface (multiple for family and my parents) and we have upgraded our non-touch enabled PC to Windows 8. Thank you Microsoft for the innovation and market leading solutions you are providing. It is only going to get better with the seamless integration of my work and personal life with future releases of your software. Thank you Nokia for bringing your high quality engineering and design work to the Windows 8 platform. I think the Nokia and Microsoft partnership is brilliant!Bought this phone for my son and have used it extensively while ahem "testing" it for him. We've both used webOS for the last two years. I've most recently used the HP Pre 3 and use iOS quite often due to another family member owning an iphone 4. Here are my thoughts: The budget for his replacement phone was $100 and I told him to review ATT's website for an appropriate smartphone. I'd already researched this and found the Lumia 920 to be the best value for money. His investigation landed him between the 920 and the iphone 4s which would be decided by a visit to an ATT store. Our initial impression was that it was rather heavy and large but he was able to fit it into his jeans pocket without much difficulty. Other than siri he found the 4s to be underwhelming and was quite impressed with his initial experience with windows phone 8 and ordered a black one. My impressions are the 920 is an impressive piece of hardware, yes it's heavy but it's also rock solid and doesn't need a case. I personally hate cases and have carried all my phones naked for the last several years which is nearly impossible with an iphone. If you add an otterbox case to an iphone it'll weigh almost the same as a 920. As another reviewer stated if you've had your present phone for more than a year the 920 won't be much heavier. This is a decent tradeoff for wireless charging and NFC in my opinion. Once you go wireless charging you'll never go back and is one of main the reasons I stuck with webOS phones for this long. The phone personally handles well because all buttons are within easy reach. However if not positioned optimally the edges of the phone may dig into your palms but this is probably dependent on your hand's size. I love the camera button that allows a quick shot without unlocking the phone first. Windows phone 8 is slick and modern compared to iOS's antiquated OS. iOS has slick apps but the OS itself is clunky. You need apps to do everything in iOS while a lot of functionality is already integrated into Win 8. One brilliant feature is family group where members can privately share a to do list, pictures, calendar and more. Skype is also fully integrated and social media profiles are linked similar to webOS's implementation. Kid's Corner is also an excellently thought out idea. Of course if you're an app junky win 8 may not be for you right now but that'll change in the next few months as the OS was only released to developers a few weeks ago. The only other windows phone in this price range presently is the HTC 8x but the $100 version only has 8Gb of ram (vs 32 gb in the 920) and lacks Nokia's killer apps like Nokia Drive, city lens, ESPN etc. There aren't any comparable Android Phones at this price point as I would only consider 4.2 and above as having comparable stability and fluidity. The Nexus 4 is nice but costs $299 plus it's wireless charging pad costs extra while it's presently free with the 920. Overall the Nokia Lumia 920 is`highly recommended and is the best smartphone for a $100.I love the Windows Phone 8 interface, but I'll try to keep the review focused on this hardware. Simply put, this phone is amazing. You get the high end specs of Android phones, with a style that I think beats even the iPhone. Instead of enumerating all of the technologies in the phone, I'll just try to give some personal anecdotes. Space: I didn't think the 32GB of space would matter to me since I could easily live with 8GB phones before, but now that WP8 devices can be recognized as USB storage, it has become incredibly useful since I frequently forget my flash drives. Also, you will want an extra few GB's to download maps for offline use, which is a killer feature. I use their offline maps all the time. They are accurate, offer points of interest, and don't waste my paltry data plan. Also they integrate with Nokia Drive to give you the best navigation of any smartphone. Camera: I'm not a camera buff, I just want something that can take a few snapshots. That said, the camera on this phone is amazing, especially in low light situations. I took a panorama shot of the Seattle city scape right after sunset and it looked amazing. This camera is so good that it almost makes me want to become a photographer. With the option to auto-upload full res photos to Skydrive (thankfully only over WiFi, again my data plan is SMALL), I never have to worry about loosing my photos if I loose my phone. Style: Not to sound vain or shallow, but several people have actually commented on my phones looks. I wasn't even trying to show it in this cases, I was just checking my text messages. If that is important to you, then you can't get a more attractive device than the 920. The curved glass is a huge improvement over the 900, and sometimes I just like to touch it. I was worried about the weight of the phone, but honestly it feels fine in my hand and pocket. In fact, compared to my lighter weight plastic Focus, it feels substantial and premium. Cons: My one complaint is that WiFi automatically turns off when your not using the phone. This is a WP "feature" that I hope MS changes in a future update. I would have more to say, but I have only had the device for a week. I'm sure when winter comes, I'll appreciate the screen that can be used with gloves on. I'm sure I'll also love the wireless charging pads, but I have to wait since my wife needed something to get me for Christmas. If you already know you want WP8, then I think this is clearly the best deal at $100. That incredibly low price must be how AT&T scored an exclusive deal. If you are not sure about WP8, then please check it out in person. The start screen has been drastically improved by the ability to resize live tiles. And the app marketplace is getting better, fast. In fact, we actually got Angry Birds Star Wars on the same day as iPhone. You can probably chalk that up to the inclusion of native code. Updated - 12/5/2012: Since I don't want to be a blind fanboy, I have to deduct a star for some lingering annoyances that I have noticed. I'll write them in the order that they annoy me the most. 1) Half of my text messages do not get sent the first time and I have to click to resend them, sometimes twice. I cannot tell you if this is the device or the network's fault. I got my 920 from Build so it may not be configured correctly for AT&T. But none the less, this is an incredibly annoying issue. 2) Crashes / Freezes. An app I bought when I had WP7.5, Risk, crashes every time I try to launch it. Furthermore, another app, Texas Hold Em, actually crashes my entire phone. Perhaps you can blame this on the developers, but the fact remains that this never happened under WP7/7.5. Also the phone has seemed to freeze a few times for unknown reasons. This happened once or twice with my Focus and Lumia 900, but I think it feel a bit more frequent with my 920. 3) Possible power drain. When I first saw reports of this, I figured it must be isolated cases because I hadn't notice it. But now there have been at least two incidents where I feel I have noticed a rapid drain of power for unknown reasons. In fact, I missed my alarm this morning because my phone had died and I don't remember ever even seeing the "low battery" warning last night. So far its rare, and perhaps this is all in my head, but I never ran out of juice like this on my WP7 devices. In conclusion, I still love my 920 and wouldn't trade it for any other phone. Perhaps this is just testament to how solid and bug free WP7/7.5 was, but WP8 feels a little bit buggy to me, at least in comparison to WP7. I expect this is due to the new WinRT kernel and I have hopes that MS pushes out updates quickly to resolve these issues. When these issues are resolved, I will gladly update my review back to 5 stars. Updated - 4/10/2013: I figured I would come back and update my review to address the issues I mentioned in the last update. In summary, they are all mostly gone. I'm very glad that text messages are now sent reliably. And I can't remember the last time an app crashed my phone or I had a seemingly rapid power drain like I experienced before. So I'm bumping this back up to 5 stars. This phone has been phenomenal. My wife recently got one as well. Its a little big for her, but she is adjusting to it. She likes the new Pandora app which is commercial free for one year. If I had to make one complaint, it would be size. The phone is certainly big and if Nokia can shave off 30-50 grams in future versions, that would help a lot.I bought the Lumia 920 and I love it and I highly recommend everyone to give it a try, especially if you plan on purchasing Windows 8. AT&T offers a 14 day exchange, but I have a good feeling you wouldn't want to give it back after you play with it for a few days. It is the most intuitive phone with rich features out there. Here's the findings on my new phone: * First things first! The Lumia 920 comes with multiple language options!!! I got my dad one which is great because he can use Traditional Chinese on his phone. I think there are other languages such as Spanish, French, Portuguese, and Korean. Since this is very intuitive phone to use, the additional language is perfect for my parents. * The phone is beautifully designed and grips very well in my hand. The curved gorilla glass is durable and more ergonomic for finger gestures. * The screen resolution is amazing and it's higher than the retina display. The AMOLED screen along with Clear Black technology along with True Black gives you sharp contrast and richer color. This screen definitely works better in bright daylight as it said it would. * The ultra-sensitive screen also works when I wear gloves on a cold day. No need to take the gloves off, which is nice during cold weather. * The camera quality can't be beat on this phone. Night time captures without flash is bright and clear and there's not a phone out there that can do this. The floating lens and image stabilization works wonders when moving. Moving objects are captured without any ghost effect. * There are additional camera features built in for users to easily edit photos and change lens style, etc. * NFC on great for sharing photos, videos or files with friends. In addition, with my Nokia JBL PowerUp speaker, it automatically pairs and charges the phone simply place it on top of the speaker while playing music. * My partner has iTunes, but with the companion software, it imports all of his playlists, music, photos, and other contents effortlessly. * I really like the Nokia Drive+ navigation software. It's free and works perfectly. I like the option where I can download the maps locally so it doesn't have to rely on internet connectivity. The software also comes with downloadable voice guiding options in many languages! In addition, you can select voice of male or female, depending on your preference. * Everything I have is accessible via the SkyDrive, including documents where I can edit directly on my phone using the built in Office apps. I keep my shopping list so it's always updated either from my phone, tablet, or home computer. Photos are automatically uploaded to SkyDrive so there's no need to connect the camera to my PC. * If you get this phone, definitely check out the accessories!!! I got the black Nokia JBL PowerUp speakers. Amazing surround sound and the phone is Dolby certified. The PowerUp actually charges my phone as I use it.I've been an iPhone guy up until this phone. The 920 is a fantastic piece of hardware. The screen is bright and beautiful, the phone is gorgeous, and it is not nearly as bulky or heavy as tech reviews had led me to believe. The camera performs particularly well in low-light situations, and call quality is very good. I've done side-by-side comparisons with my roommate's iPhone 5, and the Lumia 920 matches or exceeds it in virtually every category. One minor complaint: the polycarbonate back is high-gloss and tends to be a little slippery. I haven't dropped the phone because of this, but I'd suggest a case to increase your grip and add protection nevertheless.The Nokia Lumia 920 feels like the premium smartphone it is when you pick it up. I liked the shiny finish more than the matte but that's obviously subjective. The first thing you'd notice is the brightness and the responsiveness of the display. The high resolution combined with the fast OS make it a pleasure to use the phone. Even some of my iPhone-carrying friends made comments that the display on the Nokia Lumia 920 was very attractive. The static pictures seen on websites do not do it justice. You need to play with a live unit in a store to really get the sense of how good the display is. Both the front and back camera's are very good. I took some panoramic pictures and they came out very well and were easy to take using the guidance provided by the camera system. NFC works well although I have not found many places where I could use it. The Windows Phone 8 OS feels very fluid and engaging. The Windows Store has most of the apps I needed but lacks one or two key ones. I guess they will show up soon since the OS seems to have good reviews and support from phone manufacturers now. The OS lacks a few features, such as the richness of BlackBerry profile customization or the ability to touch the connectivity icons such as WiFi or Cellular signal indicators to go to their setup. However, it is a piece of cake to use custom ringtones compared to what the iPhone requires. Overall, I'm happy with the phone and the OS. Still waiting on my free wireless charger from AT&T so nothing to report on it's pros and cons yet. (Update) Received the wireless charger and it works like a charm. The color of the charger and the wire match the phone and looks great on the counter-top. I have recently had first hand experience with the mechanical strength of the phone. While I was holding the phone in my hand in a store, it got knocked by someone and fell about 4-5 feet on to the hard tiles. No damage except a tiny dent in one corner which is barely noticeable. The phone continues to work as if it never fell. Did I mention I didn't have any case on it?!If you are a professional and really want to improve your productivity, WP8 and Lumia 920 is the phone for you. I have owned android phone in the past, but all I did on it was playing angry birds, temple runner, etc. and wasted my time enough with games and various entertainment apps. Now, I don't even open them. Android and iphone are good for entertainment, but after certain time we need to grow up and improve our productivity. Lumia 920 has one of the best design where it is extremely convenient to type on touch screen + the resolution is cutting-edge. I am also quite impressed with wireless charger with nokia. It is way convenient to put the phone on charging plate.I purchased this phone shortly after owning the Lumia 900 and it is packing features and a camera you could only wish the iPhone had. I love the Windows Phone 8 software which is such a breath of fresh air. The keyboard is so easy to use. The live tiles make it quick and simple to view and post updates to Twitter,Facebook, and LinkedIn. Pandora,Find My Coffee, Temple Run are just a few of the new apps added to the platform that makes this ecosystem much more viable now. Can't say enough just strongly recommend you give it a try!!This phone is solid. The hardware performs excellently and the OS is intuitive and easy to use. The camera took amazing photos at the Chihuly Glass Museum, which is a series of low light exhibits. The integration to social networks is fantastic. Nokia Drive Beta works efficiently as a voice guided GPS system, you can even pick your own accent. Cons: Battery life could stand to be longer, but when can't it. It may be my perception just from frequent use. Need NFC infrastructure so I can use my phone to pay!I first hesitated whether to go with an Android phone or Windows phone. After using windows 8 for a while, I decided to give windows phone a try. Well, I am glad. The Nokia cell phone is superb in every aspects. Very fast reaction, sharp screen, superb camera. Voice calling is very clear. I am no longer an iphone user anymore.In the past 10 years I have owned Symbian based phones, a couple of BB's, an android, and the Lumia 920. This is by far the best phone I ever owned. Great hardware, great camera, a little heavy but I got used to it pretty quick, and the software is very fluid, modern and usable... Well done Nokia, and well done Microsoft! Great innovation, finally something to give a push to the smart phone technology after so much stagnant dominance from iOS and Android....I can't believe how quick everything is and how well it all works together. The Nokia apps are the best part of it all and the quality of the build feels like the most solid, sturdy phone ever, something Nokia is legendary for. I have been with Windows Phone since WP7 and the Samsung Focus...this absolutely blows it away and the WP8 OS has really taken a large step. Windows Phone is just getting started and the Lumia 920 is the main reason why the OS will be a huge success going forward.I have had my phone for 2 weeks. Must say I am very impressed. Its customization, ease of use and hardware make it into a beautiful device. Prior experience: iPhone 4, WP7 and an Android tablet Biggest improvements: Nokia hardware - Cant break the phone (many have tried). No need for a screen cover - finally WP8 vs WP7 - HUGE improvement in speed,responsiveness,customization + Nokia transport, Nokia drive,Xbox& Nokia Music, wireless charging, Nokia City Lens. Apps: Still waiting for Mint,Flipboard, Feedler, Instagram. When Flipboard shows up (even on Windows 8, the game is over). Every time you use this phone, you get that I have an 'iPhone feeling' I used to get way back when.....This is by far the best phone I've ever owned. The camera is amazing, especially indoors (I've always had problems inside). The app selection definitely meets all my needs, and the layout is just very easy to use. It is heavier than some phones, but it's a cell phone, and I can still hold it for as long as needed with no discomfort. The wireless charging is also pretty snazzy. This is the phone I've always wanted...This phone is by far the best smartphone that I've had. The OS is much smoother than an Android and looks a lot cleaner. The live tiles are beautifully arranged and can be customized the show different info: Pros: -IPS screen with really vivid colors -f/2.0 camera (very large aperture for low light photos) with Image Stabilization (makes the pictures look sharper when there is motion blur -The Windows Phone 8 OS is very fast and fluid -all your pictures, contacts and messages are backed up in the cloud -Kids Corner is pretty awesome for giving your phone to a kid and having the peace of mind that they won't wipe it or send out stuff -touch sensitive screen can be used with gloves :) -Wireless Charging! Cons: -Battery life isn't as good as the Lumia 900 - I turned NFC off since I don't use it and saw a an improvement -There is no more Bing Maps, which I was a big fan of, and you have to use Nokia maps instead Overall a very awesome phone, and At&t LTE is very fast if you have it in your area. UPDATE: Someone mentioned in the comments that if you completely discharge the battery a few times, it will calibrate it and will last much longer. I tried it and now I get about a day and a half of battery life :) Thank you A. Berger!I was also a long term iPhone user since 2009 but became bored with it so I wanted a change. Once I saw the Lumia I realized I had the same feeling when I saw the iPhone back in 2009. It was nice looking clean fast and innovative. I was skeptical and have my self 30 days to make my decision. I was sold in like 3. Beautiful screen fast and responsive. Smooth camera and video awesome. Applications looked different. Fluid fresh and new. I love it.Got this phone yesterday and I love it! I heard a lot about the phone from my husband and he really got me excited about it. After playing with the phone, I now understand why he was so excited. Wireless charging is a really great technology and the video stabilization is really cool. Not sure how it works, but it sure does. The phone is a little big to carry, but I've seen bigger screens so I guess this fits in right in the middle of the market. The screen is clear and beautiful, by the way. Love it!I did not buy from Amazon. Purchased from AT&T corporate store about 5 days ago. I have not used a Windows phone since the PocketPC days and switched from an Iphone 5. Did not have a whole lot to transfer over except for contacts from Google which occurred flawlessly. I was able to hook up Bluetooth to my Acura without a problem. Calls are clear and plenty loud. The screen is exceptional and does work with gloves which is a tremendous plus when skiing. I like the live tiles, only some apps have this function. I had a problem for awhile transferring my DMR free music from Itunes on my MacBook pro until I checked the box in the Windows Phone Software for Mac, "Allow Access to Folder". The one issue I have is streaming over Bluetooth. The sound is terrible especially in the car and the volume is extremely low. I am 59 and do not play music so everyone within 20 feet can hear it, but I do want to hear it over the treadmill. I purchased the Jaybird Sportsband just before Christmas. Worked great with Iphone 5. With the Nokia the sound is muddied, kind of mono sounding, and volume is low with both the phone and headset cranked up. The phone has no sound controls for wireless headsets and does not support all features apparently that the headset might have. I found that if I turn the volume down using the Sportsband, the phone stays maxed at 30 and I cannot use the Sportsband to turn the volume back up. I have to delete the device from the Bluetooth app and then sync it again. When I get home on Friday I will try it with 3 other Wireless headsets I have, but I have a feeling that this is a Win 8 software limitation at the moment. For me this is a big limitation as I have been wireless for awhile now and play music solely over Bluetooth. I will try the Sportsband with another Win 8 phone at the store along with the display Nokia 920 to see if my phone has a problem or again if this is a Win 8 phone limitation. Other than the Bluetooth function the phone works great and the screen is very nice.I desperately wanted to like this phone. I'd eagerly watched most the conference videos leading up to its launch, and was excited about replacing my aging iPhone with something bigger, faster, slicker, and less tightly controlled. I called the store almost daily and eventually was able to pick it up locally a couple of days before the official launch date and immediately put it to work. For the first couple of weeks, I was very impressed with the speed, UI simplicity, and performance. After living with it for many months now, I regret buying this phone almost daily. The screen is big, sharp, and crisp. The touch sensitivity is excellent. The UI is incredibly fast for the most part. The excessive weight that seemed to be a negative point in so many reviews rarely bothered me. Carrying it is fine, but I found myself dropping it easily if using the phone while kicked back in a chair or laying in bed. The wireless charging feature is well worth it. The ease of getting media on and off the phone vs. say the torturous experience of using iTunes is very welcome. The exterior hardware quality was slightly disappointing. The top edge of my first (black) handset didn't seem to fit quite right against the top edge of the screen. Pressing on it, or plugging in headphones resulted in an audible 'click' from the casing as if a tab was snapping into place, then it would pop back out again. The other two black handsets in the store also did this, and I was told on the windows phone forums that this was common for the black and white handset cases. The earpiece speaker became very crackly after a couple of months, and I sent the phone back for a replacement, this time getting the red version as the casing seemed sturdier. The clicking issue was no longer present, and the joint between screen and casing seemed to be more accurate on the red model I received back. Sadly, I felt that the experience all fell apart when I actually tried to perform tasks on the phone. The driving navigation and map apps are awful, occasionally routing me to the wrong destination even if it has the address and zip code correct. Searching for an address using the bing app, then getting to the Drive navigation app felt clunky, as you have to go via the native maps app. After being sent to the wrong destinations several times, I don't feel comfortable relying on it as a navigation device now, and use it only as a last resort. When using it as a GPS, on several occasions the battery has run out faster than it can be recharged in the car - less than ideal for long trips. I've needed to open PDF documents several times while I've been out and had no access to a tablet or computer, and the app has completely destroyed the formatting, making the documents impossible to read, navigate, and ultimately led to failure extracting the information I was trying to read. Very irritating when you're trying to pull up a restaurant menu or a product datasheet to compare specifications while you're standing in a store. App support is sadly poor. While they boast having many of the top 50 all-platform apps, the experience between the iOS/Android and Windows phone versions rarely seems to be given equal care and attention. A couple of examples that spring to mind - the IMDB app lacks the autocomplete feature of the iOS version. The kindle app randomly eliminates lines from a book at the point it's broken up into pages, the text messaging app seems to open multiple instances of itself for the same conversation, and frequently hangs, forcing you to reboot the phone. I have been through several iterations of the Facebook app, plus several third party versions and all are lacking. Whether it's laggy menus, missing features, or just poor stability resulting in the apps closing unexpectedly, it's a frustrating experience way too much of the time. Other top apps which offer stellar experiences on other platforms just seem to lack the polish in the windows phone version. When on a phone call, you can go to look up information on the phone, with a 'tap here to return to the call' bar at the top. I find that frequently the phone will auto-return to the call screen without touching this notification, meaning I have about ten seconds to find what I was looking for before it closes out what I was doing and dumps me back at the call screen. The much-hyped camera has been one of the biggest letdowns. The quality just does not seem to be there, and the automatic flash is dim-witted. I regularly find that the last 'preview' of a photo looks perfect, then when it actually takes the photo the lighting is completely wrong, resulting in blown out or too dark photos. I use it for documenting repair procedures and need to be able to take a series of photos in order, with minimum fuss. I find myself having to retake many of these which slows everything down. The back and search buttons on the front of the device are easy to accidentally hit when using it one-handed. Because it's heavy and fairly slippery, the ball of your thumb, or a stray finger can often brush against one of these buttons, either closing our your app or loading the fairly terrible bing function. Incidentally, you can't program the bing hotkey to do anything else, nor can you disable it. In short, I find this phone to have fairly nice hardware, but the frustration of trying to get work done on it is just too great for me. I will be replacing it with one of the mainstream offerings as soon as I am eligible. I would strongly advise anyone considering it to try and use one in real-world scenarios for at least two weeks before committing. By my third week I was starting to notice the numerous cracks in its armor, and by that time I was too late to exchange it.Great build and feel...just feels solid and well built. Size and weight are not the least bit of a concern for me. Yes...if you want a super light phone, this probably isn't for you. If you want a great phone...this is for you. Call quality is superb. Internet browsing is fast and smooth. Touch is very responsive. Not as many apps as Android and iOS, but more than 125,000 and all the ones I need. Comes with turn by turn voice nav, and a great 8.7 megapixel camera that takes 1080p video. Battery life is good, and the wireless charging is very nice. Music pass gets you all you eat music via subscription. I bought 3 of these phones in black....one for me, one for my wife, and one for my 16 year old XBOX fanatical son. Love this phone.I don't think there is a better value cell phone out there. I paid $100 with contract, plus the charging plate was free. After seeing co-workers with their otter boxed iphones, I will stick with my 920. The operating system is great, super smooth, and fast. My phone browses the internet quicker than my new laptop, thus I use my phone more. GPS with maps is a great feature and is nice to have when living in a region where cell service can be non-existent. Many have complained about the size and weight, but I prefer it. The larger screen makes business emails much easier to type, and the overall larger size/weight is a plus for working in a rugged environment. An otter box is a must on an iphone in my business, otherwise the screen will will not last. I don't worry about that with the 920, but do plan on adding a screen protector and thin case merely to keep the phone free of dirt.I can honestly say no other phone reaches even near the quality, innovation level and design this phone has. The screen is just awesome with all the technological aspects such as super sensitivity (you can use the phone with fingernail, pen or even gloves on), sun light reading enhancements (clear black + auto brightness), high contrast, refresh rate, resolution, and ppi (which is even bigger than in Retina display). Everything just looks beautiful on this screen. With hardware enabled image stabilization the device takes amazing video (Full HD 30 fps!) like you were using a tripod while shooting in one hand! To make videos perfect, there are also 3(!) High Amplitude Audio Capture (HAAC) rich recording microphones, which allow capture sound up to 140DB. This means the sound does not distort when you record a video e.g. at concert or at nightclub. And the photos taken in low light just, phew.. blow your mind. What can I say, Lumia 920 makes point-and-shoot cameras useless - and in some cases even DSLRs. In the sound section, a surround boost is given to then videos and music. The latter one is by the way free via Nokia Music (on selected countries). Nokia has not saved its efforts or R&D budget in this area either; surround technology to the phone is brought to you by the one and only: Dolby. There is also an equalizer with almost 20 presets but you can create also your own if you wish. While some other rivals make the consumers use adapter when charging the phone with 3rd party peripherals, Nokia has enabled consumers to charge the phone wirelessly, and this works even on induction stove (do not try that one at home though). While you put the phone on charger, you can set a default app to run (this is enabled by NFC), e.g. Outlook when you charge it at work, and Nokia Music when you charge it on top off JBL speaker at home. The black matte unibody polycarbonate shell with scratch resistant ceramic zirconium buttons and back plate, scratch resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and sculpted 2.5D glass gives the device an elegant and stylish look. These material combined with highlevel buildquality makes the Lumia 920 almost impossible to break by accident. The design is based on Lumia 900, which won International Design Excellence Award on July 2012. Somehow Nokia managed to make this device to look even better - No wonder Helsinki is the World Design Capital 2012. Nokia City Lens with augmented reality is awesome when traveling, but it gives an opportunity to get you to the places you didn't know even existed in your own hometown. With offline voice assisted turn-by-turn navigation you can easily find your way to destination. You can download the maps of whole country at once, which of course saves money, since there is no need to use the data-connection (especially abroad). Maps are a bit better quality than with some rival companies, since Nokia Maps (="Here"-maps) are used by Garmin, BMW, Mercedes, Ford, Facebook, and even this place where you are reading the review, Amazon.com. There are also public transport schedules with maps, so this device simply makes your life so much easier. I don't know anything particular what to tell about WP8, but the usability and design is on a very high level. Also the live tiles are awesome. You can choose 3 different sizes and depending on the size, the apps behind them will bring more detailed information. Also, you can create default settings to some app (such as set default destination in public transport schedules), and pin it as shortcut to the main menu (this means, that with only with a one click from home screen, you can see the transport schedules to your destination). It has the best social media features, you don't even have to open facebook app to know if someone has written to you. Also, if you own XBox, you can watch the video or browse the web with your phone and watch it same time from your TV via Smartglass app. For enterprise users the OS offers the highest security level possible (well, not counting RIM here). The device has features like bitlocker, secure-boot, security policy enforcement, remote locking, remote wipe, and lost device tracking. Via company hub, enterprises can publish internal apps not found on public marketplace. There's also Office 365 included so all the SharePoint lovers out there will also love this phone. With O365 & Information Rights Management, you can e.g. track, audit, and prevent users from reading, forwarding, printing, faxing or pasting confidential documents for unauthorized use. However, Lumia 920 has one downside to it: It's heavy. Just kidding, even baby can lift it and put it to mouth. There's nothing which I could possibly complain at the moment. With above features and current price, the phone is quite a steal.I have used a lot of phones. From Apple, to android and then Windows. This phone has a impressing hardware but at the same time, disappointed software. One serious issue is that I can not go back to the previous page on Internet Explore. If I push go back button, it will go back directly to homepage which is really stupid. I do not really understand is this only my issue or the phone's issue. Because if it is phone's issue, many people should mentioned it already. Also, if you read a long article and want to go back to the top, you need to swipe fingers several times but on a Android phone, it is very easy to adjust your position. It will be help to have direction button on the keyboard since that way, it will be easier to change letters during a word but as far as I know, only Android phone has it. Also, so many apps available on App store or Play station cannot be found in windows store and some of them are necessary for my daily life. Furthermore, some software just can not behave on this phone as good as my old HTC. It also need a longer time to sync. Android has the best mail system in my opinion. Lumia's mail system is okay and personally, I like it better than apple's mail system. Battery life is reasonable. It has twice life time of my old HTC phone which basically lives on the charger.. and Nokia has a useful offline GPS system which I believe most phones do not. This is a good phone, but if I was not that eager to buy a new phone, I would not buy it at this time. Still a lot of things need to improve. To be honest, I do not think this one can compare to Iphone or even Android phone now except the much cheaper price but it worthies to try if you are curious.Between my wife and I, we have had a SG3, Iphone 4s, and now the lumia 920. The Lumia 920 in our opinion is the best smartphone out of the three. The Iphone 4s is now a toy for our son and we sold our sg3 back to get another Lumia 920. If you are contemplating choosing out of one of these three phones (I'd say to even include the Ihpone5 into the list since I don't see many upgrades from the 4s) that we'd choose the lumia 920 and we think that you can't go wrong.Back to a Nokia device after 10 years and loving every bit of it. Purchased a black Lumia 920 couple of weeks back. Really well built device that feels good in the hand. Right from the OS to the camera to the Nokia apps, just loving it. The display is gorgeous and the wireless charging makes it so convenient. I have a toddler at home who likes to play the kiddie stuff on the phone and it is nice to have the Kid's corner option to limit her access to only kiddie stuff, so that she does not mess up stuff I have.I was frustrated for the 1st week about the battery life. I thought it was horrible, after 4-5 hours heavy used, the baterry ran down to 30%. So disappointed. However, I did some homework and now, I got 8 hrs used and till have 40% left. So happy. Do urself a favor, get this phone and following this:[...] Problem solved. Beside that, love everything. Lumia 920 is amazing compare to my old plastic galaxy note 1 and the old styled iPhone. Best phone ever from Nokia. Love it. :)Have used Android, HTC, iPhone4, Lumia 900 before. Lumia 920 is the best of them. Pros: 1.) best camera 2.) better screen ppi is better than iPhone 5 3.) free offline GPS compared to iPhone and Androids 4.) Good e-mail, calendar, office 5.) a lot of useful applications rather than games 6.) the phone is very solid (too bad, after 1 year, iphone 4's home key does not work any more) Cons: a little heavy, but good for a man ;)I have Android, IOS and Windows Phones, Tablets, Systems, and the 920 is a great phone with many easy to navigate and intuitive features, take the 20 minutes to customize it to your needs and when using other devices they do not share the same easy features. I think this was a well developed product and everyone who knows it, quickly gets to love it.This is handds down the best phone I have ever used! I have used the iPhone4, 4s, Moto Droid, Galazy SII and a number of other Androids as well.. Skydrive and Office integration (With real time sync and auto upload with sharing capability) is a must have. Camera and Pixel Density is better then any phone on the market currently, yes even iPhone. App market is roaring to life with tons of new apps daily (Words with friends and Draw something just released) Nokia GPS Voice guided navigation is bar none! No robotic voices or data reliant map navigation as maps are downloaded state by state that you choose. Gorilla Glass 2 means no scratched on the glass! Wireless charging, I never realized just how useful and cool this is, it is more then a novelty. Nokia app exclusives like Panorama, City Lens, Smart Shoot, Cinemagraph to name a few and there is Bing vision too. Xbox integration with smart glass (control my xbox and content with the phone) Movies via xbox marketplace (Like iTunes) Xbox music blows rhapsody away as its available on ALL my deivces (PC, Xbox, Tablet, and Windows Phone) NFC Tap + Send - send photos and info with a tap to another NFC phone Do some serious research on this phone - its a powerhouse! I could go on and on - Love this Phone! (battery life is good to, after it settles in for a few full cahrge cycles)I have used an Iphone since it was originally released. So for me to change was a big deal. This phone is beautiful piece of work and I had to pay for an unlocked version since I was not eligible for an Upgrade since I had just received my IPhone 5. It has been worth every penny.Blows away the IPhone 5!Great phone, fast, not a single problem out of it. Has not slowed down at all. It's not bulky, it's solid, it's built well, once I wipe it off, it looks like I grabbed it straight out of the box it originally came in. Yes windows phone may not have as much apps as Iphone, but they are growing, and fast. The apps we do have are KIK, 6tag (instagram), a program just like Vine called 6sec, which both programs upload to vines servers, facebook, angry bird, etc. Honestly your not missing much if you switch from iphone to windows phone. Plus, you can beam photos to another phone by having both backs touch, it's cool. This is a quick review, im just rushing as I type this, but...It's an excellent phone.The Lumia 920 is a beautiful phone, Windows Phone 8 is a joy and the personalized start screen with live tiles is awesome, I love it. Other people have said that it's too heavy, other people have said that there aren't enough apps for Windows Phone, but neither of those complaints come near to the goodness you get from the thoughtful design and amazing quality of the Lumia hardware and Windows Phone.Don't buy a Nokia phone I'm on my 2 phone the first one broke after 6 months I sent it to Nokia it took a month to get it back ( that say 7 to 10 days ) not it took 30 days .then 60 days later it went down agen! So i, going to buy a new phone not a Nokia!!1. Call quality is amazingly clear. 2. Camera is the best of its class. I love photography and this is the best camera phone. Instagram please on window phone 8! 3. I was totally amazed by the screen. Very clear! 4. The speakers produces great sounds. 5. It's Nokia!This is an amazing phone. I've been using it for a while now and I just love this phone. Very easy to navigate thanks to WP8 user-friendly user interface. Nokia and Microsoft done very good job with this phone. To begin with I thought the phone could be lighter but no longer it is an issue for me after using it for a while. I already recommended the phone to my family and friends.I have been using this phone extensively since it launched on Friday and I am loving it. I have previously owned the iPhone 4S & Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me tell you, this phone is in a league of its own. Quality build as expected from Nokia. Spectacular camera. 8.7 MP Carl Zeiss Lense! Floating Lense for image stabilization. When I film, it looks like I have it on a tripod! I cannot get over how amazing the camera is on this phone. Display is bright, utra crisp, and clear. Pixel density is better than the iPhone 5. The list goes on.. The best phone on the market with 32GB for $99.99 with 2 year plan? No phone can beat that. iPhone 5 & Galaxy S3 16GB run for 199.99 with 2 year plan For what you get at $99.99, they are basically paying you to buy this phone!This is a great phone that has all the storage I need. The camera is excellent, I have some great shots. The Windows Phone OS is very fast and quite smooth - dual core CPU is fine. Since the OS is well written, it doesn't need the CPU horsepower that Android requires. Also, I rarely need to reboot because an app hangs (maybe once ever 4-6 weeks). Nokia is constantly updating it own apps and features, I probably would not be as happy if I had a HTC or a Samsung, since they do not support this OS as well as Nokia. Of course it does not have every app ever made, but all the important ones I need are here. I expect more apps over the next few months as the unit sales continue to rise.Nokia is betting the farm on the 920 and 820 phones and Windows Phone 8 -- their survival depends on the success of these devices. It should come as no surprise that the content of the 920 is first rate and, even better, all that goodness comes at a low price. Smart people will take advantage of this situation, while it lasts. The specs of the device speak for themselves. It is bigger and somewhat heavier than some competing devices, but seriously, anyone who has issues with the weight of this device needs to get to the gym immediately. The size and quality of the display make for easier reading and typing. My wife asked me to hang on to her phone, when her hands were full. I threw it in my shirt pocket and promptly forgot it was there, until she asked for it back, an hour later. Happy to report that I experienced no lasting effects -- neck strain, that sort of thing. No need to repeat all the good points noted in the 28 (at this point in time) five-star reviews. Make what you want of the single one-star review. The point of that commenter is that the first five reviewers all must have been lying or paid shills, because they expressed their delight in their new phones. The one-star reviewer had nothing to say about the 920 iteself, leading one to conclude that the reviewer had no actual experience with the phone, or unsupervised experience with any cellular device, for that matter. Having helped my wife get her new 920 up and running, I must say -- the hardware is beautiful and WP8 a nice evolution of an already fine operating system. The OS is intuitive and simple to learn. I want to own a phone, but I don't want my phone to own me. WP8 works well for me (a WP7.5 user) and my wife (a former Android user). My upgrade comes due next month and I will pick up a 920.Pros: This phone is just awesome. I have owned the Lumia 920 now for a week and a half and the hardware is amazing and the operating system is great, fast, fun and very intuitive. I like it better than iOS, maybe because iOS is looking old now. Cons:The phone is heavy compared to the iPhone and Galaxy S3, but with that being said it still feels great and it is a really solidGreat screen I love the colors it has. The Camera is Amazing, the details and night pics are awesome. You can easily throw away your digital camera with this phone. I just did a trip to Costa Rica, most of the pictures I had only my phone, and its amazing. Some pictures are hard to distinguish if they were taken with my RSL professional camera or the phone. What I don't like. The weight, the is a heavy phone. I'm still missing some 2 of my favorites apps. Our of it. No regrets of giving my iphone 5. Easily the best phone ever.+ same price against rivals +location services + camera technology + upload new camera firmware fix! -wireless charging pad costs way too much vs. producing one unit i hope you make more lenses for camera use and use rich recording more!I switched to this phone from being an iPhone user for 4 years. The phone is beautiful and I love the new Windows Phone 8 Operating System. My favorite thing about the hardware is the incredible high resolution screen, and call quality/reception is better than my old phone. I can use this phone in my garage as opposed to dropping calls the instant I pulled into the garage on my previous phone. With that said it definitely took a couple days to adjust to this Operating System and the larger phone size after using iOS and the smaller iPhone form factor for so long. It's a welcome change for me, and I'm very happy with the phone.Lumia 920 is The best and most innovative moblie phone in the world now and it is Iphone and Samsug Galaxy S III killer I have an Iphone 4 and Samsug Galaxay Note. The problem with these phones have NO personalities.When put your Iphone or Samsug phones together with other people's phones, you can not distinguish which is your phone or others phones. While you are in New York streets, you can see hundreds of other people are holding exact same Iphones as you do and you do not have anything unique for your phone. They all have exact same with UI. Iphone screen is way too small for me to read web sites. Samsug Galaxay Note does have a much bigger screen. But it got hang from time to time and have to restart each time to fix the hang. I can not take any pictures in the low light. It simply give me a black screen in the low light and it does not have any stablizer. I went to California a few month ago, the naviagtion in both phones are not good. If got disconnect from ATT, I got no map. Lumia 920 has a build-in navigation system and have voice directed turn by turn guide offline without any need to connect to ATT network. I should say Iphone and Samsug Galaxy are very good phones. But Nokia Lumia 920 is the best ! Here are Lumia 920 can do while Iphone 5 and Samsug Galaxy can NOT do: 1. The best 8.7 Meg pix camera and HD video recovder with image stablizer while other phones have only 8 Meg pix without stablizer. 2. The best low light camera among all mobile phones. 3. City Lens which can help me to find restaurants, shops, hotels in a strange city. 4. Nokia drive can be used in offline mode without need to connect to ATT. It is an actual GPS device. 5. Free Microsoft Office suite with Outlook, spreadsheet, etc 6. sensitive screen can be used with glove on. especially useful for cold winter. 7. kids corner which allow your kids to play on your phone without remove anythings from your phone. 8. Very beautiful screen with live tiles and I can personalize my screens. 9. Web accesses are compressed up to 45% and can save data plan a big time. 10. Extremely durable and unbreakable. I accidentally dropped my Iphone and its front screen cracked completely. But, I see on a youtube, someone used a big nail and hammer and used the hammer to hit the nail on the Lumia screen and he hit it 10 times and no damage on the Lumia screen. is this amazing ? My Samsug phone has a very thin back cover. I have to buy a protective cover for it as soon as I bought it. Nokia Lumia come with a beautiful cover and it is unbreakable. 11. 32 GB storage without extra charge. 12. Wireless charge. Some reveiwers think Lumia 920 is too heavy. but, it is only 6.5 ounce ! almost same weight as my Galaxy Note with cover. I have to buy a protective cover for my Iphone 4 after I dropped it and cracked the front screen. with the cover, it weight always same as Lumia 920. I do not understand why some people make big fuss about Lumia 920 weight. For Lumia 920, you do not need any cover. it comes with the beautifull and colorful covers. Some reviewers say Iphone and Adroid have 700,000 apps. Up to today, window phone already have 200,000 apps. but, the question is that, do you actually use those 700,000 apps ???!!! I am quite content with all the apps on the window phones and I can not image I can even use these 200,000 apps let alone 700,000. I do NOT need that much apps and I believe 200,000 apps will more than enough for any users ! Anyway, developers all over world are now developing new apps for window phones and bringing out new window phone apps in hundreds daily ! I believe in less than one year, window phone apps can beat Adroid and Iphone apps easily. For window phones, Lumia 920 and 820 are the best among all window phones. HTC window 8X and 8s are nothing as compared with Lumia 920 and 820. HTC used to be a Taiwaness phone assemby factory and got into making mobile phone business because they think this is an industry trend. HTC is a copycat with absolutely no soul for their phones and poor quality also. HTC window 8X has only 16 GB storage and it cast $200 with contract to buy while the best window phone Lumia 920 only need $100 and has 32 GB storage and all above listed features. HTC Window 8X and 8s have NONE of above listed features. Why do you waste your money on those HTC junk phones ?!This is the 3rd Lumia 920 I've purchased and this is a " new phone for a friend who fell in love with mine. I think it's in great shape. I've never had any serious problems going through Amazon for any kind of purchases. The specks that show when you look at the lens from the outside don't show up in print or file.I love my Lumia 920 - wireless charging (free @ AT&T), NFC support, great camera, 32 gigs and best of all it was only 100$ @ AT&T (39.99 @ Amazon is even better). WP8 UI is very responsive and fluid. Nokia is also doing a stellar job with developing apps. Example: Nokia PhotoBeamer app.It is extremely beautiful and can do most of the tasks. If you can live up with some of its disadvantages, it is a "preciousss" for you. *** The good *** It has a unique user interface which harmoniously blends both functionality and design. Both lock screen and live tiles are nice. Innovative camera. Very good in low light and image stabilizer. It is on par, some said worse, with competitors in bright light. Beautiful. It is one of the most beautiful phone that have ever been created. The materials are premium and the colors are fancy. Huge screen with crisp texts. Office integration is really nice. File transfer is easier than the iPhone 5 but same as Android phone. It has NFC. I don't use wireless charging. *** The bad *** Thick. It really matters. If you can live without case, it can matches with competitors with case. Heavy. Not too heavy but it is. Again, bare phone is as heavy as competitors with case. No rotation lock!!! Oh, dear. Can you forgive??? Try to live with it. WiFi turns off when lock. No original facebook layout. The app is too unique. It wipes away facebook beauty. They should improve their IE10 to better render touch version of facebook. Copy and Paste functionality is underdeveloped. Individual character cannot be selected. No Adobe Flash support. Short of some Apps. The battery life is the worst among current flagship phones. *** Suggestions *** If the bad points do not annoy you, go for it. If you want a small, thin, and light phone, go for iPhone 5. If you want large screen, thin, and light phone, go for SIII or Note 2. I have to admit that iOS and Android is better developed and more matured by the mean time. If you need a better operating system that cover more basic and should be standard functionality, go for iOS or Android. If you need some Apps, go for iPhone 5 or Android. If you need Flash support, go for Android. *** Notes *** It does not better integrate to the Windows 8. This Phone is on par with iPhone 5, Galaxy SIII, Note 2, and other flagship Android. I will choose Galaxy SIII or Note 2 for functionality and large screen but not design, Razr for better design. Be aware that 5.0 inch phones with 1080 pixel with IGZO display are already out. I will choose iPhone 5 for thin and light. The OS is matured and a bit smoother than Android. And it will be a good collection of Apple gadgets. It is expensive but not a matter for me. "The most prominent preferences for choosing Lumia 920 is the design, camera, and Windows Phone 8 interface." I have MacBook Air 11, iPad 3, iPad mini, and Galaxy S2. I love this Lumia 920 very much. Just hope that it should have been thinner, lighter, and, well, the Windows Phone 8 should be fixed as listed very soon.I had used iPhone 3GS for more than 5 years. I siwtched to Lumia 920. I start loving this toy , Lumia 920. Specially, I like the design , and it gives me good feeling when I was holding. overall, I like it. no battery issue yet, it has wireless charging plate also.Upgraded our 2 lines from (iPhone 4S & 900) to this latest version. It is built solid. My favorite App is Nokia drive. Used 900 for half one year, my favorite app is Nokia drive. It is sometimes better than my wife's Garmin. Like it!Hardware and software are integrated very well. Hardware feels really great in hand, screen is very smooth, all buttons are very easy to reach, and the look of bottom buttons is of high class. Windows Phone 8 software is very easy to use, the phone looks very personal with Live tiles. Awesome price for a premium product.My last review was in 2004 and I even lost that id. I wanted to write this review after seeing all the biased reviews on smartphones. Especially there are mixed reviews for Lumia 920. So, ended up writing a short story covering incidents in the past 4 days. These should definitely help you I believe. Warning: estimated read time - 5-15 minutes. I have been researching to buy a phone for almost 6 months. Why I made the call to try this phone - purely a spec sheet. I have used Samsung droid LTE phone all these days. Have used various iPhones,.. a *lot* without owning one. It is easy nowadays to do that especially after America became fit waiting for it in line for days. Michelle should promote iPhone for kids. Money doesn't matter here as most will agree when it comes to the best smart phone. Any savings from $200 budget is anyway gonna go to accessories for L920, well I am a guy who buys charge-docks for office blackberry out of my own pocket. Accessories complete your experience with any gadget. Lets go for a detailed rundown of all the things that I experienced the past 4 days with this phone: 1. My very first impression: I read many reviews... well, too many. Awfully a lot to be precise - Googled with past-24-hours filter everyday since the announcement of L920. And almost *every* review mentioned it is a 'Hulk' of a phone. My excitement was trembling when I went to the store to check out the phone - my deeper thoughts quivering for a sleekly solid phone instead of a Hulk. Well, was definitely let down there when I picked it up. Damn it was heavy. I literally walk around with a Envy 15 laptop at home for my computing needs not a tablet. Well, it is *not* a matter of GYM, like many Finnish-Fanboys/employees counter. Nokia employees - you guys have to work on your names - you are giving it away too easily. I first picked it up and almost dropped it - matte black, but doesn't have a grip for first time users. So, don't lend your phone to anyone for a call in airport - they will *definitely* drop it. Well, so did I within the first 5 minutes from *atleast* 5 feet (NO grain of salt here) on a hard wood . I scrambled to gather it from floor and checked its health, took some snaps on camera et al. It was SOLID - literally SOLID. My blackberry gets a battery surgery, Samsung LTE gets many corner nicks - many literally - but L920 was totally SOLID! Thats when I decided to give it a full 14 day try. Well, howdy L920? Lets check it out. 2. My friends/colleagues first impressions... Yours' too: I pulled it out of my pocket at work. First comment - portable 'hard drive'! Well, I know! It is brawny and flaunts it too! Like a Lamborghini SUV - Hey! Lamborghini is supposed to be sleek. Well, Nokia really was a luxury class - Saudi Sheikhs used to buy diamond studded and gold plated Nokia long long ago - when Apple released its first ipOd - really! My first phone was 6610 - was in-service for TEN years (i gave it to my dad after 2 years) - changed battery twice, then I forced my dad to go for Sony Ericsson - I was impressed by their worlds first touch phone which I used for just an year. My old 6610 still turns on and I could make a phone call using it - awesome speaker phone, NONE of the phones today would pick up the signal as it does - hmm... probably with a grain of salt. Now you could understand why I would want to try a Nokia still. I soldered my broken power button leads in my Nokia N series to keep it going for 3 more months. I never give up in a gadget unless I know for sure it can never wake up. Ironically like one of those paranoid Hollywood assassins who put bullets in head of a dead target. Without deviation - I didn't really expect such a comment for a beautiful master(literally)! So, I checked the weight of WD essentials - 200g! That was a very good judgement I thought. I then demoed tiles, augmented reality, etc etc. Everyone were impressed! But someone said GS3 is available for $49 on thanksgiving! Really! Even the technically savvy get biased towards unsuited decisions on smartphone because of the reviews. Reviews ARE biased... Every one of them. CNET is the worst of all! Will tell you why later. 3. Lets really talk about *my* judgement on the weight now. It is definitely heavy so, it needs a good grip which it lacks because of its curved slippery edges. In such scenario you would want to hold it tight to counter the gravity on your fingers. That needs the edges to be button-free! What do I do! Let me hold it tight over those buttons and see. Well, it works! Finally I was able to hold the phone with surety. The buttons *will not* be fired unless you intend it to. Holding on them does nothing! Let me be clear, buttons are *not* hard... what am I trying to say?!? Never before experienced buttons in my life! I am talking after an extensive experience of 9 phones two of them too smart! I am discounting 6 phones here even though, they had a full browser and was considered smart in 2004! After two days of use, my brains were *totally* calibrated. They would never ever think of it as a heavy phone anymore. It is a frustration free mobile device that helped me talk for 45 non-stop minutes today, not even once suggesting that earth's gravity is constantly raising (Common! No hands-free you genius!). 4. Usability - What do you want to do now? Windows phone 8 is AWESOME! It would easily beat iOS task by task in accomplish time. Please don't take me wrong here cider drinkers, iOS usability only survives as far as it stands alone. Android Jelly bean shared the stance to some extent now. But Windows Phone 8 knocks down its superiority hands down. Let me be clear, it is *not much* better than iOS, but definitely, trashes its trumpets! When Android is so close, Windows phone 8 blew past it. People who are still biased towards browsing speed, wifi and data speed of Android and iOS should check out windows phone 8's all new IE10 (I love my chrome over IE9). I could run streaming HD videos and download megs of data in a flash. IE10 still has all or none rendering down side, but was really really fast! Entire Hulu.com with a 'worlds-images-data-base' loaded in just 2 seconds (Not cached you genius!). And, UI is buttery smooth to the very meaning of butter - *no* grain of salt here. Settings precise, straight forward and focused. Transition graphics, navigation of controls, application switch, multi-tasking - all blemish less... I would never put myself in a person drinking a Microsoft cool-aid! Eew! That is an oxymoron! Nevertheless I did! Kudos Microsoft for selling a ticket to cool-town! 5. Battery life & heat - one of the most biased opinions on the web? CNET, are you really pissed off because Engadget was given exclusive pre-launch access to L920? Take your narcissistic ideology and shove it! Well... My first focused moment with my device lasted for more than 2 hours! Did everything... downloaded apps like there was no tomorrow. And, configured, sliced and diced tiles, visited even the most boring sites on web, configured all e-mails, played most of the games. Then remembered the dinner. Battery when opened the box was 54%. After the 'brief' moment of 2+ hours 23%! Was shocked to see that. Then another hour with the device and it dropped to teens! Is this one of those deflating moments? Puff! Lets charge it - isn't it natural for a phone to loose power upon usage? Convincing myself, left it for charge the whole night. Next day, played with wireless charger - made my office runway in style with Oohs and Aahs... Well, then opened the web for battery reviews and found all those scary reviews on battery. Freaked me out! Closed the Chrome on my office Windows 7, picked my L920 from charging plate - by this time, I had no issues with either weight or grasp thanks to void-wires and my calibrated brain. Battery life shows 100% and the clock was 1:18 PM. Lets do the drain test... Oh man, couldn't keep my hands off. New York downtown LTE, WiFi, location services, NFC all hunky dory! Installed updates atleast 50MB worth. Browsed some mails - had to search and download some documents from web. Installed few more apps, played some games, used camera, smile shutter etc, Used WiFi and LTE equally. Used Nokia drive through city lens to try - didn't get anywhere but just basked under its awesomeness! Then checked it at 9:00 PM it was around 80ish. Then checked again in the morning, it was 70ish. Then continued my routine again. Had a 45 minute phone call and few more in the evening. After a full day it was 30 ish. Then used for few more - web and occasional petty games mostly that lasted for another 6 hours (mostly idle). Then single digit. I lost patience and blasted into the free gun-bros for half hour... it didn't die down, completed several levels of the flower game on XBOX. Still 3%. Opened youtube and watched HD videos over WiFi for another 20 minutes. Goodbye screen finally! Switched back on, more videos then was dead in minutes - flat! Have left it for charge over USB wall charger. 1 day, 9+ hours with everything ON except bluetooth. This is pretty darn awesome! My Samsung wouldn't last even half a day with these activities! Will check my full drain re-charge again. The phone gets very warm - not hot while browsing web or downloading stuff. My Samsung droid LTE does the same!!! I did find it annoying to the least degree like I have done earlier, but I have used the new iPad and GS3 and they both get the same warmth. It is to do with the dual/quad core processors or GPU I guess. If this gets too annoying it will definitely reflect in my decision in 10 days. 6. Why I didnt buy iPhone? When iPhone first came in everyone thought it was a Porsche that is affordable for a common man! What a blessing! When a bunch of construction workers in New York's freedom towers were using it, I thought, how did Apple do it! It is not features - you need a lot of money to use all the i-'Cloudy' features - for all the rest, droid does! Usability is a myth as I mentioned earlier - it is no one's game now. How did it then? It is the Porsche logo - that sells it... and sells it well. It was always a Camry (Not much of a change in iOS design year over year) with Porsche logo. Reliable with a luxury brand backing - until recently on the news for reliability issues with maps - hopefully it doesn't go for a congressional hearing like Toyota! Well, when many drive Camry and it is the number one selling car, it is not for everyone. I don't want to ride a Camry especially when it costs more than a real BMW! And, I am sure most are in Nokia L920 line today because of that! Atleast all those in GS3's (did I forget the all new Kia? (made of cheap plastic, but great looks and specs)) line are! :-) I would definitely call L920 as BMW quality with poly-carbonate construction with high safety rating and Carl Zeiss lens suspended in springs (rear wheel drive with traction control!), wireless charger and Windows Phone 8 (fly by wire)! I feel L920 so far fits all my needs in specs and pairing with Windows Phone 8 brings a brand new perspective to mobile experience. Hope this Finnish fiddle is heard in the i-'Tuned' world where Gangnam style rocks charts! I called up my in-law in an Indian suburb and mentioned that I bought a Nokia. Response - didn't you get an iPhone 5? Why would you think Nokia will avert a chapter 11? With apple ruling the roost on brand and Samsung the mass, deep in emerging markets! Apple is poised to break records year after year while Samsung will keep increasing its market share steadily with or without apple suits. While the Nokia's designs will be the most authentic, imaginative and pure, no one knows what the future beholds. Lumia 920 holds high as the *most* beautiful and smartest phone ever and I am sure I'll get past the next 10 days but not without those biased reviews trying to tarnish its worthiness.Great sound quality, camera, city lens, video, skydrive, maps and Nokia drive -- well you get the picture, everything works just like you want it to. The Skydrive storage syncs with my computer running windows 7, so everything is good with me.once I unplug the charger, phone shows battery can last only 7 to 9 hours. screen is big and clear. camera is good. GPS can announce street name, but does not tell you when it is recalculating.I've had windows phones since Windows mobile 5. I have been using HTC windows phone devices all along and the Nokia Lumia 920 is my first non-HTC Windows phone. It is an awesome phone. Perfect size, cutting edge features and performance. Very happy.I have an iPhone 4s and a 920 and a have basically repurposed my iPhone as a Sonos remote control. Using the iPhone feels like a massive step back now and the look and feel with a huge number of those tiny icons seems totally old fashioned at this stage. Been there, done that for the last 5 years, time for something new.I've had several iPhones and this is far better. The design is excellent. Camera and video are top-notch. Nokia Drive is flawless. Last but not least, now that I'm used to this screen I couldn't go back to an iPhone.I have used iPhone and android for years. Get this phone you won't regret it. I thought the iPhone 5 was it for me until I accidently ordered this phone. It is absolutely vibrant in color and the feel of the Os is great! The design is the best I have ever had, its very impressive compared to all other phones.Greetings... I purchased one of these from AT&T in December, and gave it a whirl. I had similar problems to many others: 1) Poor battery life- I need a charger at home and work, as the thing could not make it all day 2) Gets hot during use, especially video use 3) OUTRAGEOUS and totally inexplicable data usage. THIS IS MY #1 PROBLEM with the Lumia 920... After complaining to AT&T, they swapped out one 920 for a new one. The same problems persisted. After speaking with both AT&T techs (on-line and in AT&T service store), as well as contacting Nokia, I could not get the problems resolved, particularly any explanation for the CRAZY data usage. The thing sits on my desk most of the day, on my company Wi-Fi, and at home it is on Wi-Fi. It is NOT supposed to use up your data plan while on wi-fi-- however, I would get bills from AT&T showing as much as 11 GIGAbytes of use in 1 month. And here's the deal-- after speaking with AT&T, Nokia, and reading on various web sites, I disabled or removed every application anyone could think of that used data (other than Internet explorer and email). No Facebook. No "live" tiles. No maps. No Nokia Driving app. No backups or photos/vids to Skydrive. No weather app. etc. etc. But AT&T still claimed seeing data "bursts" and spikes throughout the day of sometimes 80Mb... they could not explain any of these bursts (especially since I was supposed to be on Wi-Fi) and quickly refunded ALL of the overage charges on my account for 3 months...which in itself is suspicious (you ever try getting a refund from a phone company?)... Anyway, I finally got AT&T to swap the Nokia Lumia 920 for a Samsung Galaxy S III- which includes a "data usage" application... and in one week of having the Galaxy it has used less data than one day of the Lumia 920. With the same email accounts configured. And usings the Samsung data use app, I could see that one 4 minute YouTube video used about 50Mb of data, and email uses very little. So it appears to me that both Lumia 920's that I had were in some way "defective". I liked the device in terms of appearance, apps, ease of use-- the Windows 8 was pretty nice, the screen is beautiful, and it otherwise worked well. However, I can't afford to hand AT&T $110/month in overage fees for data I don't choose to use. And a 4 - 6 hour battery life on a device with this large a battery is also pretty unacceptable. Oh well Nokia-- this is called by some your "last chance" gadget. Maybe it's your last gasp... If Nokia acknowledges issues and FIXES THEM, either via software updates, or replacing hardware, this would be a 5 star device. As it is in my experience, I give it 3 stars because not everyone appears to be having the issues I had, and the problems MAY be resolvable by future updates.Great Phone! No complaints thus far! I came from a iPhone 4s and will never look back. The Windows phone 8 OS is great, and feels like a breath of fresh air compared to Android and IOS. Good job Nokia and MSFT.I wanted to try something different besides using the iPhone (I have the iPhone 4S). I heard great reviews about the Nokia Lumia 920 but I'll break it down in a nutshell. Pros: 1. Camera is great 2. The yellow on the phone is beautiful 3. Smooth to the touch on the screen 4. The screen is nice, clear and big 5. The sound is clear and loud 6. I fell and dropped on my phone and it didn't crack. But get a case still. 7. Options to customize your phone is fun. Cons: 1. The apps are very limited and some of them hardly worked 2. Using Google or Bing was a pain. You can't even find the images options there. 3. Closing apps are just as difficult. Not like the iPhone when you can just swipe it up. 4. A lot of the notifications are just unbelievably slow. You'll get notified from Facebook probably the next day. 5. If you're an iPhone user, you'll probably get frustrated with complex of the phone. 6. This phone is not as user friendly as the iPhone. 7. You can't put any of the apps in folders. That being said, I switched my SIM card back on my iPhone. It's old but at least my patience won't run thin as much as the Nokia Lumia 920. I hope improvements are being made for Nokia phones.I've been using Iphones and androids, and the Lumia 920 has been, by far, my best phone experience. Well done Nokia.The Nokia Lumia 920 is an awesome phone! Solid phone with great sound quality, camera, operating system, etc! Highly recommend it!changed phone from iphone 4s. Phone is AMAZING! Very fast UI and Gorgeous phone. Got it in red and boyfriend in Blue.This is really a great phone. Elegant construction, very classy. The PureView camera is awesome, and the screen is the best I have seen. It is really easy to read in the sunlight, and the colors just "pop." As a GREAT added plus, you get Nokia Drive and Maps for free, which are the best there is. Free streaming music from Nokia Music app (ad-free), is just another killer bonus. Plus, Nokia does not abandon you once you buy their phones; they are the best when it comes to pushing software updates to their customers. Finally, go look online for the drop test videos. Remarkable. This thing is solid. About as unbreakable as a phone can get. No bumper-covers needed for this baby. Overall, a great phone from a great company.Lumia 920 is fantastic mobil. After 16 hour use I have still 51 % battery left. Sound with my Bose headphones is first class, I read all my papers with Lumia and not need anything else. No problems whatsoever. I just love this phone.Compare to Apple IPhone 5, Nokia 920 is much better in UI design. Accessing to info and using phone much faster other phones. I used both Google and Apple phones. The way to go MSFT.in one word : fresh in two words : best hardware in three words :the number one in four words : overall quality and usabiltyNokia Lumia 920 looks beautiful and it clicks great pictures. I did side by side comparison with buddies at work, and indeed Lumia 920 clicked beautiful pictures. Few folks talked about it's weight but then I read report that Nokia 920 weighs less than iPhone 5 with iPhone cover or HTC 8X with 2 turkey slices -:) The phone build quality feels premium and it looks like a premium phone. I love wireless charging, wireless pad just sits on my nightstand and I just put phone on it for automatic charging. I think Windows Phone tiles are beautiful, simple and uncluttered. I chose Lumia 920 because of it's amazing camera, premium build quality & wireless charging.I had an iOS for 5 years & also used Windows 7 before. I like Windows 8 phone very much. Nothing beats iphone on Apps quantity but almost all of the best Apps are also on Windows. Who needs 700,000 Apps? Android is just an iphone copycat & too fragmented. The reason it's popular is because the OS is free from Google.For your information, AT & T has this phone, month to month, for $440. Amazon is $90 more right now.I switched to lumia 920 from an iphone. Awesome super sensitive touch, remarkable display and the amazing camera. This phone oozes awesomeness. Also, live tiles in WP8 are ridiculously good. Goodjob MS & Nokia!No way around it. I'm obsessed with my lumia. There are not enough words, just try it. Can't wait for 928 on verizon too!!Best Phone ever in the marketso far. iPhone & Samsung is nowhere close to Nokia Lumia 920. Father of all phones.!!! Awesome !!!My wife and I both got a 920 after seeing some of the reviews online. We love this phone! Pros: Camera Online Integration (Facebook, Twitter, Skydrive, etc) Build Quality Fast Operating System Xbox Music Streaming ....I could go on and on. Cons: A little heavy, but still comfortable.I have the Cyan Nokia Lumia 920. It's the best available phone in the market. Photos are the best. 320gb is a lot of memory, and all apps run smooth.Lumia 920 is the best phone I have ever had. The camera is fantastic. You can throw the mobile and in dosent breakI couldn't ask for more from a smartphone. Amazing device, awesome OS. I hope people at least give this device a try before buying anything else (and I am sure they will love it if they try it once.)Best Phone I ever had in my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am so happy that i finally able to get it under such high demand for the phoneThis phone is absolutely amazing. The only problem i am having is that i cant sent pictures if i figure out that, if its even possible, then this phone is perfect. All the nokia extras like nokia drive(navigation) and nokia music make this a great deal. Good price at the moment so totally worth it for me.I'll keep this short. I went from using a Blackberry, to using an HTC Windows Phone, and now to the Lumia 920. As other reviewers have said, it is an excellent phone. The build quality is superb, the screen awesome, and the camera simply rocks. I could go on and on. I'd recommend trying it out and seeing if it's a good fit you.This is an awesome product. I have dropped it 100 times yet it still works. Everything I need in a phone for a college student. Perfect. So many cool featuresWorth giving it a try! Sometimes Windows 8 lets down, nevertheless, it is still a fantastic smartphone with awesome camera.You can sync all the data between your phone and Outlook on your personal computer directly. Believe it or not, this app is the only way for Windows Phone users to sync their contacts without going through some kind of cloud.WINDOWS PHONE is the software platform to have on a mobile device and Nokia takes hardware to the next level. Pictures look beautiful and night shots are a dream for a mobile phone.This is an amazing device with a rough start. In my opinion, no phone can match this device for what I need it to do. But the lack of WP8 is disappointing, but hardly the devices fault. I decided not to take a star or two off because of the lack of updates down the road, because we are not down the road and the device itself is amazing.Just changen iPhone 5 for Nokia Lumia 920 and have to say few words: AWESOME AMAZING BEST PHONE ever made. Don't have to use stupid charge cable ever again:) Nokia is BACKThree things every phone can do that the 920/WP8 can't: (I am a windows fan boy and I like everything about the phone except some SOFTWARE issues that make it incredibly hard to use. that means the problem can be fixed TODAY with a simple update.) 1. No custom tones for texts/anything except ringtones.(are you F*** kidding mean) 2. NO advanced WiFi settings of any kind. This means I can't connect to my university's network r any enterprise network. seriously? My girlfriends My-touch can do this with ease. My old iphone 3g could do this. THIS IS A BASIC FUNCTION 3. No option to uncensored voice to text. I really like the function of responding to texts while talking, but sometimes I need that extra **** and there is no option to take this setting off like all other phones.I fell in love with this phone when my friend bought it and showed it to me. I tried to make a photo at night and it was really good. Everything worked smoothly and seamlessly. WP8 works fantastic. And now I am waiting for my own (expected tomorrow).Stopped by my flight attendant boarding a flight and while walking to a plane...love this big screen with great battery life.I'm a big Windows Phone fan. I bought a Focus on the day it came out (and was the only non Microsoft employee in the store buying one). I later moved up to a Lumia 900, which was even better. When Windows Phone 8 and the Lumia 920 were announced, I had made up my mind that THIS was the next phone I was getting. When I got my first Windows Phone I liked the hardware but thought the device had a lot of promise, but that there was a lot of stuff that had gotten dropped on the software side because they simply ran out of time. Unfortunately, with the cutover to the new kernel, I find myself feeling the same way again with Windows Phone 8. The Good: On the hardware side, the Lumia 920 is fantastic. Build quality is very good, and the phone feels like a high quality product. It feels very solid, and while it did initially feel a bit heavier than my Lumia 900, it's honestly not an issue. I haven't gotten my wireless charging plate from AT&T yet, it's still on back order, but I'm excited about that as well. The screen looks fantastic, everything looks much sharper than the older screens. I'm not sure what the OS is doing to scale older applications, but it looks great. The camera is also quite good, the image stabilization on videos looks great, and it performs quite well in low light. The changes to the live tile setup are actually more useful than I had thought they would be. For the most part, the smaller sized live tiles work exactly like the larger versions, get updated properly with status information (number of new emails, etc) and really do give you a lot more flexibility in terms of arranging the home screen. I was a little worried that the change from Bing to Nokia maps would be a bit awkward, as I particularly enjoyed the Bing Maps routing based on the traffic. Overall I've been impressed by the new maps apps, and drive has worked great for turn by turn navigation. There's a lot of other little tweaks here in there in the OS that fix some of the silly little annoyances I noticed about Windows Phone 7 (text selection is much easier now, you can multi-delete text message threads, etc). The Meh: Honestly, other than the start screen changes, most of the major OS changes on the phone seem to be behind the scenes. Other than the hardware differences and the start screen, my day to day Windows Phone experience really hasn't changed substantially with the upgrade. The new features that do exist seem like they really weren't usability/focus tested with real world use cases. Kids corner is a great idea, that I haven't seen elsewhere. Unfortunately, if you put a password on your phone to unlock it, it also password locks kids corner as well, with no way to disable that behavior. Maybe that made sense to someone, but it's left a lot of the rest of us scratching our heads. It's still early, but there's not really much in the way of apps taking advantage of the new features that did make it into this release. THere's also a number of Windows Phone 7 apps that simply don't appear in the store if you're running Windows Phone 8 because they aren't compatible (including ones I've purchased). Presumably both of these will go away over time, but for people buying now, it's an issue. The "app gap" between Windows Phone and other platforms is starting to close, but there's still some high profile apps that don't exist here. I can do most of what I'm interested in, but this is going to be especially noticeable for smaller services/companies. Your local minor league baseball team may have iOS & Android apps, but they probably are not working on a Windows Phone version for example. Microsoft has recognized this and seems to be working hard to stir up interest (and also throwing money at developers to port), but still an issue, especially for people jumping platforms. The Bad: With Windows Phone 8, Microsoft got rid of the Zune software to sync with your PC in favor of exposing the folders to your PC via drag and drop. When you connect the phone to your PC, there's folders for Music, Documents, Videos, Ringtones, etc than you can drop files into to transfer them to your phone. This is actually a good thing if you're a person who wants to drag and drop files to/from your phone, but that is not in any way how I want to interact with a device. They released a Windows 8 app and a desktop app for Windows 7/8 to "sync" content to your phone from your Windows libraries or in the case of the desktop software, from iTunes. Unfortunately, these apps are very bare bones, and the desktop app crashes for me almost every time I try and sync music from iTunes. Microsoft provided no migration path for existing users using the Zune software to start syncing with Windows Phone 8, and strangely, for the "best" experience in terms of syncing your phone, it appears you should be using iTunes. And when the desktop app does actually work, it's not an actual "sync" at all, in terms of syncing up things like podcast positions, etc. between the phone and the PC, it's just a straight copy. In a lot of cases, album art isn't being copied down to the phone either. The entire Windows Phone 8 sync process has been a huge source of pain for people on various forums, with people ending up finding terrible workarounds to this setup. There's currently just no way to fill the gap left behind by moving away from the Zune software. I've got a fancy new phone with tons of space, and no easy way to fill it up with my content, drag and drop just really is not how I want to manage music in 2012. Getting rid of the Zune software also means no more sync over wifi, which was really one of the better Zune features. The Xbox Music Pass, and in particular the "cloud" features seem somewhat buggy as well, with things randomly working/not working. Same goes for purchases in the video store, although I'm not sure if those are supposed to work on Windows Phone 8 or not. Overall: Hardware wise, the 920 is fantastic, I have zero complaints, it's a huge step up from the last generation of Windows Phones. Unfortunately, software wise it really seems like we're in a similar situation to the 7.0 release, where things look promising, but most of the really interesting stuff isn't there. For Windows Phone 7, it was because they started from scratch. In Windows Phone 8, it seems to be due to the time required to get everything up and running on the new kernel. I'm hoping the new kernel and technology stack allow for more frequent OS updates, and there's a "Mango" style update in the hopper already. Hopefully the sync software gets better, and Microsoft can fill in the gaps to match an experience similar to the one the Zune software provided, because this really isn't enjoyable at all, and the features aimed at having everything content wise in the cloud are buggy at best, and broken at worst. UPDATE 3/6/2013: I've had the phone for about 4 months now, and honestly, not much has changed. Sync apps have gotten more stable, but none of the feature gaps between WP7/Zune and WP8 have been addressed at all. People I've talked to privately at Microsoft have expressed unhappiness with the current music/video/podcast experience on WP8, but so far we really haven't seen any major effort to fix it. Xbox video is STILL incompatible with WP8. Xbox Music is still a mess. WP8 is getting more apps, although honestly I attribute that more to Nokia than anything that Microsoft has done. We still are missing a number of high profile apps from other platforms, and many others lag behind other platforms in terms of features, etc. I also haven't seen much in the way of apps utilizing any features specific to WP8, such as the wallet, etc. The speed of updates for WP8 hasn't really changed much from WP7. We got Portico, which fixed some bugs and added a few features, but Microsoft has been largely silent on any future plans. Hopefully we don't end up waiting until Holiday 2013 for the next big update. To their credit, Nokia has been responsive, and been fixing/updating their apps frequently. It seems like in general, they're a lot more excited about the platform than Microsoft is.I purchased this w/ no contract to replace my Zombie Phone (AT&T Go Phone), Garmin Oregon 550, and Zune HD. The only one I can say it truly replaces is the phone witch surprised me. Contrary to AT&T web site the 920 DOES support Go Phone Service. Replacing the Garmin fall under the "There is an App of that" category. Well its not 1 its more like 6 and it still is missing functionality. I was not expecting everything but the lack of communication between apps is frustrating. Ex Why do I need to download maps for every app? How can I transfer a waypoint from one app to another? (use a geocache from Geocaching Live in Nokia Drive. I do off-road on-road nav switching all the time on the Garmin) The camera in the 920 is far and away better than the 550's camera. Replacing the Zune HD you would think would be a slam dunk for any WP8 device. NOT. MS totally messed up the music syncing. You can not upload any of the Xbox Music Pass you have in Playlists etc. on to the device. And the down sampling function is gone. I have not checked but I would be surprised if the music rating, play count, etc. syncs back to the PC. I have resorted to Media Monkey for syncing since it is better than the MS option. WP8 is pretty quick to pickup and use. Can't stand the email function. I read an email on the PC and the phone does not see it was opened, making me read/touch the email twice. It's probably an IMAP/POP limitation or something in Thunderbird but it is still annoying. For now my Garmin Oregon 550 and Zune HD are still going to be my devices of choice.Just simply the best phone i have ever used, and i have used a lot of phones, including iPhone's and Androids.Upgraded from Lumia 810 to the 920. Sync was easy. The display is brilliant! Upgrades to the UI are awesome.To start off Windows Phone 8 is one of the most innovative, intuitive, mobile OSes out there. It is a truly beautiful yet simple thing that comes unparalleled by any other. The Lumia 920 has a TON of killer features. Anywhere from the camera, to the screen, to freaking wireless charging. It is a marvelous device and I highly recommend it. GET THIS PHONE.Pro: GREAT, FANTASTIC, wonderful hardware design. I love the live tiles Personalizing my Lock screen was also fun too!! 32gb of space!!!! And the phone charged up really fast :) Con: Battery could be better A little heavy A little slippery Kinda bigNice design, feels solid, Windows OS takes time to learn but learning curve is not to steep BUT Gets very very hot fast even when just browsing the net, playing games for more then 5 minutes is impossible due to heat Battery last few hours (about 4 hours in normal mode + 3 hours in special battery saving mode all with very light use) 7 hours for a phone is not acceptable I own it one day - I'm planning to replace it tomorrow Update 6/12/2013 I wanted to test the phone the following day but no matter what I did the phone didn't get hot. Not sure why. I kept the phone for 5 day. On one full charge the battery lasted over 36 hours under light use (couple short phone calls, checking e-mail, some web browsing playing games for about 15 minutes). All seems ok with the battery and overheating but I noticed that with white background and black text screen was much brighter on the top and darkish at the bottom. I went to the AT&T store and replaced the phone. While there I look at total 6 phones including mine - 3 out of 6 had issues with the display. In one case the top portion of the screen was orange. On the good side I like the way AT&T people from Bridgewater Mall in NJ handle the case - very customer oriented approach. Overall I'm happy with the phone for now. Let's see what happens in coming days. I did some research and it looks like a lot Lumia 920 have all sorts of problems.In my opinion, this is the best phone on the market. Windows Phone 8 is an absolute joy to use and this hardware is perfect for it. Can't recommend it enough.I love this phone! Great battery life and nice design. The quality of pictures are incredible! I have never seen such a clear and high resolution pictures taken on phone. I will definitely recommend this phone to all my friends.I wanted to switch to Nokia Lumia 920 from iphone, was religiously waiting for it despite iphone 5 announced later but available earlier. But, now I am at times wonder about my decision. Here I am writing as someone who is working (meaning I can't be bother with apps like angry bird etc....) and not techies who like to control every details of phone usage, down to memory. I just want to use the phone for a couple purposes, make phone calls, read/edit ppt, doc easily, can check restaurants review using yelp when I am out, airlines app when I travel, texting, calendar that syn properly ... Many can talk about the pros, but here are the cons I have encountered after some use: 1. Apps: I'm not crazy about apps but only need a few one that I would use smart phone for. - No UA travel apps or triptracker. UA is the big business travel airline. Huge negative for me. I don't like tripit that grab stuff from email. - Yelp. No bookmark or log-in. Half-baked app. - Line/viber, no voice call and no magic jack. - no expedia - no Wellsfargo, may only affect west coast - adding some appointments to the calendar from website, eg. Alaska airlines, doesn't seem to work properly. But, the phone is amazingly integrated with facebook/linkedin. But, that's not the primary use of the phone for me. 2. Search *button* at bottom right. When you try to use the phone with one hand, you keep touching the search accidentally, then Bing would pop up while you are in the middle of something else. Very annoying. 3. Text input. I find typing a little bit harder than iphone, maybe the sensitivity. iPhone tends to over-correct spelling and Window phone under correct. Too many typos texting as a result. Other language inputs like Chinese, Japanese are not ideal. 4. Battery life. The battery life is horrible sometimes. Died before I came home. Definitely not as long as iPhone. I have a long train ride. The unreliable battery life is inconvenient esp I used it as a hotspot for my iPad. Seriously considering re-activating my iPad data plan. 5. In regards to the well-integrated with Facebook, you could easily post something like photo unitntentionally as u do not need Facebook app for status update. Conclusion, I wouldn't say that I regret buying it but I would probably not buy it if I don't have iPad with LTE option. Microsoft needs to improve user experience and Nokia needs to improve the battery life. Yen LinI bought this phone about a year ago, it randomly shuts down, you have to restart it all the time, and the Nokia customer service people are no help at all. Barely one year later, the phone shut down completely and it won't start back up. Even though the problem was persistent throughout the warranty period, Nokia would not provide warranty service. Get an i-phone, a Samsung, or any other phone that is actually not a total piece of garbage, like this one.See the updates under my original review. Original review: The Lumia 920 is a great smartphone. The tiles can be resized and moved so it was easy to customize my start screen to suit my needs. I like getting updated information from the live tiles. I hope more apps are developed to take full advantage of the live tiles. I plan on getting one for my mother because her bad eyes can easily see the medium resized tiles on the OS. The camera takes very clear pictures most of the time and there are camera apps that add more functions to the camera like multishoot and panorama. There aren't a lot of camera settings but there are enough for most users. The wi-fi is able to pick up signals from most of my neighbors and our houses have a good bit of space between them. The wi-fi signal in my 920 is stronger than my desktop's wired connection. Speedtest shows my 920 getting 3 times the speed of my wired desktop connection at the same distance from the router. Having access to all my documents and mobile MS Office on my phone is very useful. I can just load my documents onto a skydrive and access them anywhere and on any of my devices. I have my skydrive loaded with my SNES games, school documents, and work documents. It's free but it's limited to 7GB total storage and files can't be above 2GB. The screen is large and displays images beautifully. I've watched a few movies on it and the large screen is a huge improvement over my other phones. The large screen also makes games easier to see and control. There are tons of apps in the app store. I spent hours looking at all the different apps. All the most useful apps were free and there were a lot of free games in the store too. My favorite app is the SNES emulator. I'm enjoying playing all my old super nintendo games again. I'm very happy with my purchase. 1/31/2013 - Update: Avoid Battery Apps I began having problems with my Lumia 920 freezing, overheating, and the battery draining a little faster than usual. After reading similar problems and solutions I was able to elminate those problems by uninstalling a battery app that I downloaded from the app store. Battery apps don't come preloaded on the phone. It's best to avoid them so they don't cause problems. 2/17/2013 - Update: Constant Crashing I'm having problems with my Lumia 920 again. It's constantly locking up and forcing me to reset it. There are many apps that can cause problems so I disabled all of them. I also disabled the built in automatic clock updates because it can cause the Lumia 920 to crash. After about 10 mintues of playing any game on the phone it crashes, even when background apps, bluetooth, and auto clock updates are all disabled. It also gets very hot. I've tried to play games with my protective case off to see if that was causing it to overheat and crash, that didn't help. I regret buying this phone now. I paid full price through Amazon Wireless so it was a very expensive mistake. The constant crashing is the only thing I don't like about the phone. If you don't play games or use apps then this phone would be a good choice. If you use apps and play games on your phone then you should avoid the Lumia 920. Consider a different model Lumia or a Windows phone from a different manufacturer. 3/3/2013 - Update: My Lumia 920 is running perfect now After uninstalling more apps and updating everything my Lumia 920 is finally running without crashing. I think my problems were fixed by the new HERE Drive, HERE City Lense, HERE Maps, and HERE Transit apps that replaced the old versions. I've been adding apps back onto the phone and I've been using it a lot more than usual for testing purposes and it's running smooth. Now I can recommend this phone to my friends and family. The freezing issue was the only flaw the Lumia 920 had, now it's flawless.my carrier is tmobile and it says that this phone is at&t LOCKED. so im not sure if i could use this phone using my simcard.While most critiques about the Lumia 920 keep talking ad nauseum about the size, weight and lack of apps, I wonder how many of these reviewers are actually spending time with the phone to see how it adds value in everyday situations. For example, I use my phone primarily to find my way around town, and for listening to a lot of music. I think the Lumia 920 is the most high quality and gorgeous looking mobile device ever made, and I actually love the size and weight -- it's a joy to hold and use. That said, I found the Windows Phone 8 OS lacking in features I've so far taken for granted on other phones. For me, the following inadequacies mar what could otherwise be a great phone, 1) Nokia Maps needs to have more data and be more polymorphic. I could type the name of a place in the "To:" field in Google Maps, and it will most likely find the place and give me directions. This is not the case on the Windows Phone. For example, in San Francisco, try typing "The Sycamore" (a popular bar in the Mission District). 2) Nokia Maps mustn't be a world unto itself. When I click on an address in an E-mail, I'm not sure why it opens in "Windows Maps". This is far inferior to Nokia Maps (it has no public transit directions), and I have no way of changing the default application to open addresses. 3) Nokia Maps and Transit must be consolidated -- accessing two different apps to find directions makes no sense at all. 4) Nokia Maps (or Navigator) must provide an option to access alternate routes. We're given only one route for driving (or walking) but I'm sure a lot of the time, the user wants to use an alternate freeway (or road). 5) Xbox Music is very unimpressive as a native music player. There's no way to rewind/forward elegantly (a slider here would be great, I can't go back to holding down buttons!). The Nokia Music app doesn't even have rewind/forward capability. 6) Given that the Lumia has a gorgeous big screen, it's a pity that I can't see my album art in full screen -- in the player, or when my screen is locked. Apparently the album art only loads on the lock screen if you buy the songs from XBox music. It doesn't work even if you update the album art in Windows Media player. 7) The music streaming options are very limited for the Windows Phone 8. SkyMusic and SkyDrive are quite lacking when compared to Amazon Cloud player or Google Play. SkyDrive doesn't even run as a background app, and stops playing music when you go back to the home screen!Thought I'd give the Lumia 920 an earnest try when it came out... waited for months after the initial preview of the 920 without any specs, and also resisted the urge to buy the iphone 5 (was using 3gs at the time, and it was getting slow). Well guess what, bought the lumia 920, felt good for a day or two, but then started seeing some glaring omissions from windows phone 8 OS. And no, I am not talking about Apps not being available on the marketplace and all that.... simple things are missing in WP8, or they are there but there is no easy way to know about them. For example, on iOS, it is very easy to tap on a block of text and choose "Select All" to select all text and just plain delete it. Helps on address bars on webpages, emails that you want to delete stuff from and a lot more things. I could not for the life of me find a way to do that on WP8. The only option is to select a word, then drag the selectors to the beginning and the end, and basically forget what you were trying to do in the first place. Another example is Nokia Drive. While touted as excellent with offline capabilities and accurate GPS, I could not find a way to simply choose a different route. On iOS and Android, the maps present several alternate routes that one can choose from, so if I need to drive along a specific route I can do that. The navigation voice-over is also sub-par because it does not call out the names of roads all the time. Half the time, it would tell me to take a turn on [insert name of road] road, while the other half - it would just ask me to take a right. That is not acceptable today. Both iOS (even though map search sucks, the navigation UI and guidance itself is excellent) and google offer literally hands-free and eyes-free navigation, where I could keep my phone in the cup-holder or on bluetooth and it would literally tell me which road to take and what turns to make. I could not do that on the Nokia 920. Lastly, what is the deal with Microsoft's insistence of combining everything into my hotmail or windows live account, which I never used before, and dont ever plan on using? Sure, Apple has their iCloud account which you have to use, but your phone contacts stay as your phone contacts. The moment I setup my Lumia 920, all my contacts became hotmail or live contacts, and it merged my facebook contacts with rest of them. I know there is a way to filter how contacts are shown, it still very very annoying to have 2-4 entries of the same people (their different accounts) and then having to sift through all that. WP8 is great, but it has some omissions that only show up when you start using the OS. Microsoft cannot expect us to use it just because it has live tiles - it should have all the necessary features that are present in all the modern mobile OSs. Returned it after a week of using, bought the iphone 5, and not looking back till next round of cell-phone upgradesUPDATE: I sure wish I had known this before giving up on Windows Phone 8... To soft reset the phone (just a restart without erasing any of the information on the phone): Press the Volume Down + Power keys at the same time for about 10 seconds. To hard reset the phone (deleting all the content and resetting the phone to like new status): Press the Volume Down + Power + Camera keys at the same time for at least 10 seconds. If the phone becomes stuck on the screen with two gears turning, follow the following instructions to successfully start the phone to the welcome screen: Normally, it takes only 30 minutes at most to hard reset it. In the event that it would take longer you can press and hold both on the volume down button and power key for about 10 seconds then the phone should reboot. Make sure that you try this while the phone is charged. If the phone would still be stuck to spinning gears, here is a hardware reset that you need to press: Input these keys on the following sequence, press them one key at a time BOTH during the Nokia logo screen and the AT&T logo screen: Volume up Volume down Power key Volume down The gears will continue to spin for about 5 minutes, but then the phone should restart back to the "Welcome to your phone" screen. Success! ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Original Review: First, let me say that I am a huge Microsoft fanboy and I generally love their software and devices, even if there is a small glitch or deficiency. I have owned three different generations of Windows Phones over the course of nearly 2.5 years. I bought my first generation Windows Phone 7, the Samsung Focus, the week they came out. I never had any problems; it was rock solid, both hardware and software. My second Windows Phone 7.5, the HTC Titan, the week it came out. Again, I never experienced any problems; the hardware and software were without bugs, glitches, or defects. Needless to say, I was stoked to buy the Nokia 920. I followed all of the press events and unofficial leaks for months before its release. I bought three 920s the first day they were available (one for me, my Mom, and my Dad). Before I explain all of the problems, let me share some of the positives. The camera is superb. The screen is beautiful. The stereo speakers on the bottom are loud, clear, and the best I have ever heard on any cell phone. The call quality is superb on both speakerphone and earpiece. Nokia Music, Nokia City Lens and Nokia Drive are really unbelievable. Nokia Maps leave a bit to be desired, but they are better than iOS5. I truly wish these phones weren't ALL DEFECTIVE as I would really prefer to have kept it for the next year or two. As I describe in the following, the problems continue to mount on all four folks I know with the Nokia 920. The first week I had to exchange mine at the ATT store because it would not charge; although, later, I learned that the Nokia 920 is very finicky about getting a high amperage charge when its battery is very low. So, the first phone was not defective, and ATT store reps did not know to instruct me to use the OEM Nokia charger or a high amperage charger when the battery was very low. I also later found out that I could use a Belkin 2.1A car charger when the battery was very low; therefore, it was apparent the OEM charger is not necessary, but a high amperage charger is. That was the first return. In the second week, my Mom's phone began glitching when receiving text messages. Her phone would freeze and lock up with the text notification bar at the top of the screen. The fix was a soft reset, by holding the volume down + power button for a few seconds. But this happened several times and was not acceptable for a new phone. So we took hers back to the ATT store and exchanged it for another. This made phone #4 for us. Within a couple weeks I contacted Nokia Care to inform them that our phones were not outputting a sufficient volume and were not driving our external speakers around the house that we were familiar using with our other phones. We all purchased in-line headphone amplifiers to use so that we could get sufficient output. Luckily, an update released in December fixed this volume issue and we no longer needed our $30 worth of headphone amplifiers. About 25 days after purchasing, my second phone began having problems playing video podcasts. It was stuttering during playback. I contacted Nokia Care and they suggested I hard reset the phone, which deletes everything and returns the phone to like new status. When I reset the phone through the option under settings, reset your phone, it became stuck on the Nokia logo splash screen. I called ATT to get help and they said to soft reset the phone. It then rebooted and became stuck on two gears turning (boot splash screen). I called ATT back and they advised that the phone was "defective" and I needed to return it for warranty replacement. I had to pay $15 to get overnight shipping for the replacement. This was now my 3rd phone and #6 for the three of us in the family. Now just day before yesterday, I began experiencing the video playback stuttering with video podcasts. I tried deleting and unsubscribing the podcasts, then re-subscribing and re-downloading them. Unfortunately, the phone still stuttered during playback. I contacted Nokia Care and they advised me to soft reset the phone. It still stuttered. They then asked me to hard reset it; unfortunately, this would be the fourth time I had to set this phone back up from scratch. Although Windows Phone 8 does have backup and restore functionality, it is limited and does not restore the application data, login information for applications, podcast subscriptions, or the layout and setup of the live tile start screen. On reboot from the hard reset, the phone stuck on the gears turning splash screen (just like the last phone) and stayed there for nearly 15 minutes. I was still on the line with Nokia Care. They advised I do a soft reset. Again, it stuck on the gears turning screen for another 10 minutes. They then advised me to send my phone in for troubleshooting and warranty repair. They said that it could take up to 10 days for me to get a phone back in return. This was inexcusable considering the problems I had already experienced. I spent around an hour with Nokia Care with no resolution. I then called ATT again and was fortunate enough to get Jill who put me on hold as she contacted a supervisor. Upon my insistence she offered me the option to get an HTC 8X which I refused. She asked what I wanted and I said an Android phone. Today I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 out for delivery and I really hope to have a positive experience with it as it is my first Android phone. While on the phone I pointed out that my Mom's second phone is getting stuck on the notification bar, requiring a soft reset. It is also sending and receiving blank texts instead of the text that was part of the message. Her friends and family have experienced this with her phone many times (luckily not me or my Dad). The ATT rep suggested we exchange her phone again through free warranty (this will be her third 920). If Mom has more problems, hopefully ATT will give us exceptional support and allow her to exchange for a different OS and manufacturer. As a side note, I talked one of my friends into upgrading from her two year old Samsung Focus Windows Phone to a new 920 in November too. Hers froze on the Nokia splash logo on the highway on her way to a week out of town. She had to deal with a warranty replacement on vacation. Her second phone has gotten stuck on the Nokia screen once since the replacement. It stayed stuck on the Nokia logo until the internal battery ran out. Luckily the next morning, when she plugged it in to charge it, it restarted normally. She still continues to have problems with it occasionally freezing and restarting on its own. She is not happy with it and says she wishes she had kept her two year old Samsung Focus. She does concede that she loves the 920; if only it worked all the time. With all of these problems, the 10+ hours I have spent without a working phone, with Nokia Care, ATT service, warranty service, and researching issues on the web, I have become disgusted with Windows Phone 8. This is very sad considering I have always been Windows Phone's biggest fan and traveled through all three generations of the software and hardware. ADD 1/28/13: I reset Mom's phone before sending it back to the AT&T warranty department. It became stuck on the gears rotating splash screen and stayed there for over two hours. I soft reset it twice, letting it 'spin its wheels for over an hour each. It never left the gear rotating screen. It never restarted back to the OS. So, this makes the third Nokia 920 that has bricked on that screen (four if you count my best friend Barbara's phone I talked her into buying). :(I have had the phone for a month and while I love every aspect of it above Android or iOS, the once a day freeze/crash is making the phone useless at crucial points. I have missed calls, felt embarrassed while showing off some cool feature, got lost when running navigation - all thanks to the phone freezing/crashing. A very basic expected feature of a phone is that unlike computers, it should NOT CRASH/FREEZE. All other features come after this in priority no matter who you are. So it is with extreme frustration that I am giving the Lumia 920 a low review so that others are aware of this issue before they buy. Links to Nokia forums about this issue: [...]This phone seems cool at first glance. The construction is definitely solid, the screen looks great, and it feels nice in ones hand. Once you start using it, however, you will realize it is actually like a Ferrari that has had its engine pulled out and been filled with garbage, manure, and raw fish scum. First, there are no apps for this phone. None that you would want to use anyway. The apps that do exist are poorly made and barely work. For example, the map application couldn't direct its way out of a paper bag. If you try to go from Atlanta to Charlotte using this application, you'll probably end up being held hostage by a Japanese street gang. Another example is the battery app. The makers of this phone thought it would be too predictable to put a way to tell battery life on the home screen itself, so you need to get a third party app. Lets say you're going to bed, and want to decide whether to charge your phone or not. You look at your battery app's live tile, and it says 76%, so you decide to just place it on your night stand. Inevitably, the next morning, you wake up an hour later for work with a dead phone. No alarms ever went off, and wonder what the hell happened. Its because your battery app live tile said 76% when it was actually at >10%, because the live tiles update less frequently than an encyclopedic volume of Medieval Muscovite Music.Do some research on this phone before buying. Key words -"Nokia 920 crashing or freezing". I purchased this phone for my wife for Christmas, and it is constantly turning off with a full charge. Alarm clock function is worthless because of this and in general, just very annoying. The problem is widespread, which you will discover if you do a little google research. I purchased the red phone, which Amazon no longer sells, and they will not replace it with a different color. I am beyond my 14 day grace period with AT&T so even if I return it, I am still stuck with another 2 year contract. and.. AT&T will have nothing to do with a phone bought through Amazon. They would not allow us to exchange it at the store. We are extremely upset about this.My phone failed to complete the last update and is now unusable. Honestly, these things happen during updates, but what happened next is stunning for a company that is trying to make a recovery. My warranty experience has been like this: Call Nokia. Tell them the update bricked my phone. Only get turning gears for 8 hours til the battery dies. They ask for the serial number. I ask where the serial number is. They say under "Settings then click About" I remind them I can't get to settings. They fail to resolve my warranty issues. Promise to call me back and fail. This is honestly the worst cellphone warranty service I've ever had. I can't even get them to agree to take the phone and bill me later if it turns out to not be under warranty. I've sent in Apple devices, Samsung Galaxies, HTCs. Never seen a company act this badly. Will I recommend them? Absolutely not. This is just insulting.These phones are NOTORIOUS for shutting themselves down and not turning back on. You don't even realize it until its too late. If you want to avoid the headaches of resetting it everyday, DO NOT BUY!! Its a beautiful phone, but Nokia has obviously Not worked out the bugs in its software. Too bad because the phone itself is beautiful.The phone is so-so when working, but break easily. Nokia Tech Support is terrible. ATT is Terrible. What else can i say? Windows Phone 8 has great potential but lacks the polish that other mature opperating systems have. The apps are lacking still, and the ones they do have are generally beta versions riddled with bugs, that will just cause you annoyance. All of the Face Book apps are poor, amazon instant video doesn't exist, Dropbox doesn't have an official app, roboform has not app, etc. Save frustration, keep with Apple or Google. VERY UNHAPPY I "UPGRADED" TO A NOKIA FROM IPHONE.I have housed an iPhone since the first one, then I felt it was the in 'vogue' thing to do. I did and do feel that Apple replaces the latest module before the prior has been on the market for a year or so. That was frustrating me, so I switched to the Windows Nokia Lumina 920 and it was not user friendly and even a phone call was hard to make. The only features I cared for where the excellent pictures and the picture of the day on bing. With in a week I went back to my iPhone vDon't buy this phone...battery last no more than 4 hours even with all apps turned off. the problem is that the battery is embedded in the phone and cannot be replaced. Awful.Lumia 920 is much heavier and thick than comparable phones on the market (Galaxy 3G, iPhone 5, even HTC's WP8 phones). Windows Phone 8 still needs more work. There is really no reason to select this phone from the numerous choices on the market.After looking online at a number of different smartphones i decided to give the new lumia 920 a try. phone had a lot of positive reviews and was at a pretty cheap price point. After having the phone for a few weeks now i am shocked that people are talking positively about the phone. These are either reviews written by microsoft or nokia or no one on here has ever had a smartphone before. I would return it if i could but will certainly be looking to upgrade as soon as possible. I read about how great the screen was, its not. When compared side by side with almost every other high-end smartphone its noticeably poorer quality. Simply pull up an app, a website, anything and just hold it next to another phone and its noticeable. i dont know maybe people think the quality is good cause they do a good job with screen color contrasting with black and the colors. App store - there is nothing in here. All of the apps that are in the app store are apps that microsoft and nokia actually built. none of them are native and wont see the same features and functionality from facebook, youtube, etc. games are a joke, there really is nothing here. it reminds me of blackberry. if you dont have access to apps i am not sure what you really do with the phone. there is no whatsapp. only real app i could find was skype which makes sense since microsoft owns skype. unless you are happy just using your phone to check email and surf the web (circa blackberry in early 2000s), this is not a modern smartphone. camera - again i read all about how great the low light camera is. nothing impressive here, pretty similar to other pics i was getting with my s2 or old iphone4. side by side you cant tell the difference and neither of those phones are even new. I think what i am most frustrated about is the form factor. this phone is a brick and thats putting it nicely. thing is really really thick and weighs a ton. this is more upsetting to me since i actually had a chance to recognize this as a problem and i ignored it. Unless you have never used a cellphone before or are an employee of msft or nokia, there is no way you would want to buy this phone. i dont care how cheap it is.The nokia drive app has you about a mile away from your destanation. The camera quit working, I went to the help&tips app on phone,issue not found. I went to att store, employee turned phone off and back on camera worked. why is'nt that simple info on help&tip app? The att barcode scan app is'nt any good,scanned a gallon jug of motor oil app displayed it as a sesamestreet toy,WTF? Then 2 days past full return, [you have 14 days] the phone quits,no power,nothing! Waiting about a week now for a replacement.Should have stayed with my LG flip phone I've had 6 trouble free years. What a pain in the a##!.. and the Windows Phone 8 OS is awesome. It would have been perfect, if it were 20% smaller and lighter.This was supposed to be the phone of my dreams. Everything about it was over hyped by Nokia. The camera was supposed to be a game changer but it takes average photos at best in the daytime. Night shots are nice but they have no sharpness. The screen is actually inferior to the Nokia 820 which I found strange. The blacks are more greyish and the other colors are washed out. Battery life is terrible as well. I could only get about 5 hours out of this phone and if you google it a problem is definitely there. The front facing camera is mediocre at best. This model also freezes once in a while. But hey, at least it's cheap. I went through three of these phones and have finally given up because they all are really lemons. Never again Nokia.it's OK. But not as described. it has obviously been dropped in water, or something of that nature because there is mold on the INSIDE of the glass. and it's quite obvious, you can't miss it. THAT was not mentioned in the description of the re-seller, They had it listed as in good shape. Another thing that is NOT listed in any of the sellers or resellers descriptions is that the 920 is NOT one of the windows phones that gets Windows 10. So sorry charlie, for some reason no 10s for this one, pretty big "oops" to leave out. That means there is no upgrading for this phone. Now WHY this is, I have no idea, because there is also no link in the tools to look at what exactly comprises this phone. That's right, no "about Windows" in this phone, so I can't tell if it's because they didn't include enough space, or memory, or if they were just feeling disagreeable, But I bought real cheap, and I'm real glad i did, $40., because that's all it's worth. This is fine for what I wanted, which was just a portable little computer so I'm not stuck at my desk all day. I don't use it as a phone, or for email. I just use it via my wifi. sim-less.The phone had many problems from the start some apps would make it overheat for no reason, the wireless charging barely worked and eventually after only owning it for a month it just went. The screen would only turn on from volume and power but the touch didn't work at all. I later found out this model was known for overheating and software problems. Nice looking phone that was now just a expensive paperweight. Screen wouldn't work even after multiple resets and shutting off phone.I would have given this 5 stars if not for the ridiculous activation problem ATT had with it. I get the phone, follow the instructions to put in the SIM card and turn it on, it tells me "invalid or no SIM card" and will not get cell signal. I call ATT. They say "oh, you didn't put the SIM in and turn it on, did you?" I said yes, I followed your instructions. They tell me no, you have to call us now and activate or it "fries" the sim card. I think what really happens is their new anti-theft database does not have the phone's serial number in it and it's black listed. So they tell me I have to go to a store and get a new sim card and have it activated. Great, so I have to go to a store with 2 employees and 10 people need stuff, so I'll be waiting for an hour. Thanks, stupid ATT. The phone is great though- the display, the HD photos and video, the 32GB, the interface is top notch, so much better than boring square iPhone.The phone is cosmetically nice. The feel, size and weight is good. However, i just wish it had not failed within 2 days. I think the seller is probably marginal playing odds that the device will last at least 30 days. But on the good side, they did promptly issue a refund and offer a free upgrade to 950. But after such a poor showing on the original purchase I just don't trust this seller anymore.I love me a Nokia Lumia 920. bought it in white. I've been meaning to switch from Apple and the iOS. I didn't want to go Android since i'm paranoid of viruses and hacks. I've heard great things about Windows 8 and the ecosystem, so i took the plunge. Lo and behold, it's amazing. Lifechanger. going from Apple iphone 4s to Lumia 920, WOW, the screen's HUGE! so is the phone, but I'm not concerned about weight. It's just as heavy as the 4s so i wasn't making any concessions. I love the LIVE TILES! the battery, i find the same as my 4s. BUT, i took someone's advice and drained the battery all the way down and charged it back up again. Doing that, I've experienced less energy consumption--better energy conservation. Before i fangirl even more, i'm glad i switched. :)In an attempt to separate my review of the phone from its seller, I'm happy to endorse the Nokia 900 as one of the nicest phones I've owned. My enthusiasm was dampened however when I noticed it had arrived in a soiled and battered Nokia box that had been taped shut and torn open several times. I supposed on the bright side, with some cardboard tabs missing and the adhesive tape having long since lost its will to stick, it was easy to extract from the packaging. That said, despite some minor scratches on the backside, the phone appeared new. I would simply advise seeking another seller for this item.This is an amazing phone and a great value. Windows Phone is a smooth, seamless operation, and this was the original flagship for Windows Phone 8. It still hold up fine- excellent screen, spacious keyboard, and useful tools. From Kids Corner (which allows parents to set up a kid friendly portion of their phone), Rooms (allows users to share posts, calanders and events), Mobile Office and top end music and mapping services built in. You just cannot go wrong. Easy to set up, learn,and personalize. I cannot endorse this enough.I bought this for the front facing camera to replace my 520, which was fine. The phone is wonderful! I love the camera and it is slightly larger than the screen on my 520 so it's much easier to use! I am a huge fan of Windows phones and this is my favorite!Purchased this phone for my wife. She loves it. No dropped calls, the screen is gorgeous, the extra button for the camera is great, and the color of the phone is appealing. The device is well made and doesn't even need a cover. Although it is plagued with fingerprint smearing who cares, it works and it is well made. Although I can't give 5 stars because of the windows app store, due to its lack of apps, but then again this is not a fault of the actual device. I am thinking of picking one up after my current contract is up.I'm not impressed. It is a Window cell phone. It's hard to get apps. And the battery only last for a few hours. Phone sucks! I bought this as a replacement phone for my college daughter, as hers died. It was just like her old phone, and we thought this would pickup where the other left off. She used it for 3 months, and it died. I really expected at least year. Nothing lasts forever...I absolutely love this phone. Sleek and beautiful, and a much prettier alternative to android or ios devices. It's really sad to see how uncommon they are taking up less than 3% of the market. Would love to see the Lumia phones make it big.Ran hotPhone is very easy to learn, especially if you are familiar with windows. My first smart phone, so I don't know if the horribly short battery life is the average of others or not. 24 hours is the best I get with everything turned off except phone.Phone was not unlocked as claimed. Was going to cost me twice the purchase price to unlock. Couldnt be used as intended. Trashed!!!I am very disappointed with this phone I buy this phone in Nov 2012 and it runs only one year and dead. Now its not opening and nothing is coming. I dont understand what to do with this..... I spend around $200 for a year only on this phone.This phone was a problem from the start. Battery life was especially bad. Especially disappointing since I use Windows 8 on my computer. Returned for a Samsung Galaxy s4 Mini, which is better in every way.The phone features are superb. Compared side by side with the Iphone which I had all the time, this phone is a clear winner. The new Windows OS is fast specially with the phone's 4G capability. It's so user friendly, easy to navigate. straight forward buttons and functions. Camera, both for still and video is excellent. For it's price, you can't go wrong. Strongly recommended !Got this for .01, how could I not, perfect timing as my other contract was up. Very happy with AT&T at the present time. Phone is working well with my RT tablet and home computer. This is a great size phone for me....just want I have been holding out for!OS is great. The device itself keeps shutting down. Once it shuts down will not come back on. had to replace the device twice.I originally had a Samsung Focus when they first came out and I loved it. After using my Lumia 920 for a week I can simply say it's one of the best phones I've ever owned. I'm coming from a Galaxy S3 and am glad I came back to Windows Phone. All of my phones from here on out will be a Nokia.I've always loved Nokia Phones, the Lumia 900 did not break my expectations, except for the (not so useful) Windows Phone 7. The hardware is really amazing, GPS, camera, compass... It has everything, the Nokia apps are really great and much more useful than the Microsoft ones. What really disappoints me is what Microsoft has done trying to copy the iOS from iPhone, the WP7 has so much limitations that makes me sad, can't use MP3 files as ringtones (actually you can, but they need to be shorter than 1MB and the album named as "ringtone"), you can't use any sound file as message,mail,alert etc except for the original ones. I've always recorded my own ringtones (other basic app that the WP7 DOESN'T have, sound recorder. You need to download some 3rd party recorder app). Not to mention the RIDICULOUS crap that apple did and Microsoft made even worse: You NEED to sync your phone with an specific software to add songs, pictures or videos to it (and that crappy ZUNE software is something that makes you really love to use iTunes). You can't access your phone memory by any means using windows desktop, that means you CAN'T add/copy/remove ANY file from it without using the (crappy) ZUNE software.Worked well except when you use the speakerphone the Mic does not function.Great phone. I don't care what anybody say's about windows or the App issue. Great Os.Very few apps...Ok...Week 2 and the camera light stopped working. Also, within the first 2 weeks the device was constantly overheating. After the overheating stopped (installed programs, and restarted it), the unit ran ok. Too much background activity when too many apps are installed at once, making the battery life pretty poor. Pro: Windows 10 is becoming available for this device soon! The camera does take good pictures in the dark. The call quality is excellent.Good phone, had a problem after 3 to 4 weeks had to return phone.EXCELLENTI love this windows phone!Let me start by saying, I have been using Nokia Symbian-based phones since they first came on the market, and I was very upset when Nokia dropped Symbian OS for Windows when it offered the Lumia line - WHY, Nokia, WHY???? Melodrama aside, even though I was unhappy, I wasn't ready to move to another brand, so grumbling and snarling, I decided to take the plunge and buy a Nokia Lumia 900 when my old E71x started gasping. I'm reviewing the Lumia after having had it for only 48 hours: I got it one evening and almost sent it back the next morning - I was that frustrated - but it has so much potential that I couldn't do it. To some degree I have mixed feelings: it has some cons that try their best to offset its many, many pros, so I've given it a rating of 4 stars. -- Pros: I've found that, overall this is a really sweet phone, in spite of its operating system. I say that last, because I have had serious issues migrating from the old Nokia (like, you CAN'T. NOT.AT.ALL.NEVER.). Ah, for the days when one could back up the old Nokia phone and restore to the new one ... If you're used to Windows Mobile or Blackberry OS you'll love this phone out of the box, although it involves a learning curve no matter what. It beats out the iPhone with no problem, in my opinion: it offers a lot more for a lot less money. I had an iPhone for a while, and was, shall we say, 'underwhelmed'. That's not the case for this phone, it can do anything an iPhone can do, and more; and I think it does it much, much better, more reliably. It has some heft - its neither light nor tiny - but it has a metal chassis. Otherwise, it's smooth, sleek, feels good in you hands, and the touch functions have to be experienced to be believed. It is really simple to operate, too. The Lumia 900 has three buttons on the right - okay, four: the volume keys, the on/off button in the middle, and the camera key near the bottom. The home icon also acts as 'back' and 'close'. Get into something you don't like? Hit the Windows 'home' icon. Locking and unlocking the phone originates with the on/off button, and a sliding screen. The high resolution screen produces colors and objects that pop - they are just that crisp and bright. 'Zoom up/Zoom down' are performed using two fingers on the touch screen, and you can view your screen in landscape or portrait orientation. To silence a call, just flip the screen over - flip silence, I think it's called. It has high-end camera optics, and Nokia provides a free app that gives you the ability to take panorama and NICE zoom shots - the camera is almost SLR quality. Nokia provides a free navigational app that's been available on all of its phones the last few years: anywhere you want to go, they can get you there. Mapquest is available as a paid app, and google maps is accessible from the web. My phone can talk to my car (go figure?), so I'm loving Nokia Maps. I need it, because I get lost, a lot. Call quality is consistently clear, sound is free of noise. I don't drop calls, and I live on the Texas coast where cell signal is sometimes non-existent. I wish the volume of the music player was a bit better for use without headphones or speakers, that's the only complaint I have about that. That all said, here are some of the cons: I am not one of those folks puts contacts, etc. online, syncs everything with Outlook, Google, Facebook, and the like, so it was very difficult to even move my contacts. I was able to move them using bluetooth, finally, but even that was a pain. You must download an app to do it, because the lumia won't talk to its Symbian relatives through bluetooth (or anything else) at all without the app. Unfortunately, the app is designed to only move contacts and there are no others. In my experience, this is the first time I've run into a phone that a Symbian OS phone can't communicate with, and that it's from the same manufacturer, is a real shame. I did try to pair them; the Symbian phone thought it was paired, but the Lumia paired, then responded, 'not supported', and closed the connection. A family member has a newer Symbian OS phone than mine, and the Lumia won't talk to that one by bluetooth either. As if this wasn't enough, I found moving my library of .mobi, Kindle, Audible, PDF, Office, and other documents was not fun - I'm still doing it, in fact. That exercise has involved 2- and 3-stage transfers. I've been bluetoothing from the old phone to my PC, then from my PC to my Lumia, then moving them around to where I'd like to have them rather than where Windows wants them. And forget about migrating EMAILS, text and mms - the support pages tell you to back it all up on your PC and use the 'appropriate software' to work with them on it. They will never exist on your phone again, gentle Symbian user. I couldn't send texts or messages either for a couple of days: this phone does not have the AT&T internet settings in it. Normally that isn't a problem: lots of phones ship without the AT&T access point name (APN) settings, but send text and picture messages with no problems. The Lumia is not one of them, unfortunately. We (AT&T & I) have gotten it to work, so that's fine now. So, if you get it and need the APN settings, call AT&T or search 'AT&T APN settings'. In conclusion, even with the frustrations, I can still say the Nokia Lumia 900 packs a lot of punch for the price. I liked Symbian OS so much that I was sorry to make the switch, but this is a REALLY REALLY NICE consolation prize.dead after 1 week of using.Best phone ever! Much better than my iPhoneBought this for my husband after he had the Lumia 635 for about two years, and it finally broke down on him. This phone is very good and I got exactly what I wanted. The only downfall is the battery, get a charging case for it.Works great!Great phone mint condition works like a Dream awesome  sellerGreat product at such low price.This is a great device with an excellent operating system. My son whom I bought this one for loves it.Very goodBest phone I ever had. I still have it.It's okayOk. This is my second 920. The first one I didn't get a protective case - and after five or six years of falls the screen got a corner crack. Got the CADORABO case which works Perfect. After many more falls: one hit the injured corner. Then! The phone seemed to start a healing process: dead areas returned to Action. Guys: Out of a SciFi. So: Just Now got another one. Am writing in March 2018. Better a good old sword than a new machete. Old phone Works. Am saving it - and No Moore insuranceMy dad liked it. It's a good phone. I hope Nokia and Windows manufacture better and better phones in futureThe original box is unsealed, and it is old and broken. However, lumia 900 is great and I am a big fan of nokia. I like the WP7 although it can not upgrade to 8, but I think it is enough for me to use it.Very very very few apps. Glad that I got rid of it.it was a stolen merchandise I couldn't get activated by at&t told me that phone stolen from their warehouse I wouldn't try 2nd timeLOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!!too many flawsit has been babied and taken pristine care of ... OS issues now endanger a lot of memories i have had with my kids this summer :(Love itPhone came; excellent condition; works great!I don't review much unless I get a product that really stands out. The 920 is that product. I own the Red 920 and actually owned a Windows Phone prior to the Lumia 920; it was the HTC Arrive on Sprint, which was WP7. Now even though that was a fairly decent phone, HTC makes cheap products so it ended up breaking in multiple areas because it was made out plastic and poorly shaped aluminum. However, the 920's unibody framework is sturdy. You can tell how well built it is when you hold it. There is not a single area that feels like it's going to break or bend or give any form of trouble. The edges are smooth and its curves make it a beautiful phone to look at. The Windows 8 Operating system is the best on the market. Anyone can say what they want but, when it gets down to it, this OS is fast, functional, efficient, and effective. Even though the App's market could use some growing, many of the apps that you would need or want on an iPhone and/or Android device, comes native to the Windows Phone Operating system. Thus, all other apps are pretty much geared to entertainment--which is, at least in my humble opinion, what a phone should do. Now to be fair, there are a few aspects that do need attention but they aren't deal breakers by far. For example, although the phone comes with Microsoft Office Suite, it only has Microsoft Word and Excel within the suite. OneNote, which is my most used and favorite app by far, is its own separate app instead of being included in the suite. Now this is a minor annoyance to me because in WP7 everything was in ONE suite/hub. Either way, its more of me being picky than anything else. The battery life is Insanely good. I can go up to 17 hours straight without needing to charge and that's with fairly heavy usage. If anyone has owned a smartphone before, you know that that's an admirable feat. My last phone barely did 10 to 12 hours. My Palm Pre+ barely got 7 hours. My wife's HTC Thunderbolt is constantly dying multiple times a day. The only other phone that'll match it is the iPhone in regards to battery life that is. Now, if you are planning on getting Windows 8 for your computer or are going to purchase a computer with windows 8 on it, then this is most definitely the phone to have (or any windows phone for that matter). It syncs up like nothing I've ever seen before. Between Windows 8 and skydrive, moving files around couldn't be any easier. I was lucky enough to get the 25gb skydrive that MS was handing out with WP7 so it's even better for me. Nonetheless, anything over 5gbs is good enough for documents and pictures. I say this because I literally have hundreds of pictures and documents (including work documents) and I'm not even close to hitting 5gb in storage. So believe me when I say its plenty enough storage. The best feature of the phone is definitely the Camera. Nokia went out of their way to create a beast of a camera. It literally takes the best pictures I've ever seen any phone take. Nearly every picture looks professional even when you're hardly trying. The low light pictures are bar none the best on the market as well. Couple that with the exclusive Nokia apps in the App Store and you'll feel like a photographer no matter how little skill you actually have. Add the fact that it's a floating lens which reduces shaking and blurring, and you can take incredible pictures that rival stand alone cameras. The ONLY con I've seen in regards to the camera is that while taking Low-Light pics, you have to be really, really still. It's the only time that movement will ruin the picture. This is because the Lens "aperture" has to stay open longer when in dark environments; thus, any movement will cause a blurring/streaking effect. Other than that, you'll notice more pros than cons. Rather than babbling on I'll say this...Go to any store that has the 920, play with it for a bit. It'll seem a bit alien at first but as you use it, the more it'll grow on you. After giving it a whirl, use any other phone i.e. Android and/or iPhone and you'll see the difference. If you want to have a phone that gets you what you want and how you want it as fast as possible then Windows phone is the one to have and the Lumia 920 is definitely a great choice. If the 920 isn't your gig and you'd want something more mid-range, then the 820 series are pretty awesome as well. Windows has really put thought and effort into this platform and they're leaving their competitors in the dust. Nokia is the premier manufacturer as well so the two together is like a peanut butter and jelly haha. Seriously, try one, hold it, use it...but make sure you use it as you would in real life and you'll see the difference. if you read all of this, then thanks! I hope it helped and I hope you enjoy whichever phone you choose!_________________________________________ A not-so-serious review first: Lumia 920 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> iPHone 5 32GB ---------------------------------------------32GB $99------------------------------------------------$299 Master Maps-------------------------------------Mess-up Maps Offline GPS---------------------------------------iLost Public transit guide for global traveler ------iLonely and secretly flirt with Siri PureView Camera-------------------------------PurpleView Camera Clear lowlight photos---------------------------My party photos are drunker(fuzzier) than yours Anti-scratch--------------------------------------Full-Scratch Survives a fall-----------------------------------The poor pretty thing! Gets the job done-------------------------------What job? Good for normal people-----------------------Good for Apple worshipers Nokia: "Sorry, we will update"-----------------Apple: "You're holding it wrong!" Clear view under direct sunlight--------------Is my phone on? 4.5" viewing asset-------------------------------Squint retinally Wireless charger--------------------------------Where is my this-year's-special cable? Touchscreen wearing gloves-----------------Cut a hole on glove A more serious review follows: Having used the phone for a while now, I'd like to provide a more objective assessment. I give ratings below first, followed by detailed explanations. The rating numbers are on a scale of 10. A score of "10" means it is not only the best but also has no apparent need to improve, and a score less than "10" just means there is room to improve but does not necessarily mean another product is better. The numbers in the parentheses are for iPhone 5 as a reference. RATINGS------------- Lumia 920 (vs. iPhone 5) Call Quality --------------------10 (8) Uncompromising call quality from Nokia, a true phone company Instant Messaging------------10 (10) Big improvement over WP7; group messaging and MMS E-Mail-----------------------------9 (7) WP8 has the best enterprise-ready e-mail client Skype and VoIP calls----------9 (7) International VoIP calls a reality with on WP8 Contact Management---------9 (6) WP8's multi-contact aggregator and integrator the best Entertainment-----------------10 (10) Too much already, what more could you want Social Networking--------------9 (8) Facebook integration is an edge Web browsing------------------9 (8) IE10 is outstanding Shopping------------------------7 (9) Comes from Apple's apps edge Navigation-----------------------8 (5) Apple's first Maps is actually impressive, but see discussions Productivity---------------------6 (3) Not there yet, but at least WP8 can do some work Screen--------------------------10 (8) Lumia 920 has the best looking screen consumers have ever seen Camera--------------------------9 (7) In its own league Build quality-------------------10 (8) You might have trouble to say goodbye to Lumia 920 two years later Thermal performance---------8 (8) Competitive Battery life----------------------5 (5) All need improvement badly in this area OS reliability--------------------9.9 (9.5) WP8 never even freezes, much less crashes OS fluency----------------------9.5 (9) Ice-skating with WP8, and floor dancing with iOS, I much prefer the former OS flexibility/customization---8 (8) Android is the king OS refinement------------------7.5 (9.5) Microsoft is still no Apple on refined details OS apps ecosystem-----------6 (9.5) iOS rules for now Current Fashion Index--------0 (11) To ease your reading, I'll put the conclusion first before the detailed sections. CONCLUSION: Laying aside the nitpicking, I am in love with my Lumia. There are so many great phones today that it has become a problem to choose one. But the top WP8 phone is the choice by both my brain and my heart. If I were a bit geekier, I might have gone with Android; and if I didn't have to work I might have gone with iPhone. But this is my phone. It's for a practical man with a taste. I hesitated when Lumia 800 came out, knowing that it would be incompatible with WP8. Now Lumia 920 is such an attractive package. I don't think I'll change my phone anytime soon, although I do hope that there would be some nice updates from both Microsoft and Nokia to make this phone even better. 1. CALL QUALITY It is a phone after all. The call quality of Lumia 920 is absolutely top-notch. The voice is so clear it puts my landline cordless phone to shame. Nokia knows how to make phones. They are the true phone company. The HAAC microphones (Rich Recording Mic) are not your ordinary microphones on cell phones. A different league. The speakerphone is pretty good too, quite loud and clear. In fact I once had a conference call using the speakerphone with several people on my side, and it worked out fine. 2. E-MAIL Overall, WP8 has the best mobile e-mail. Windows Phone has an inherent advantage in e-mail, especially work e-mails. Apple does not own a popular e-mail service, and can only support third-party e-mails. Android enjoys the excellent Gmail, but Gmail does not have a strong foothold in the workplace. WP8 has deep integration of Exchange, Office 365's Outlook e-mail, Hotmail and Live Mail on Windows Phone. WP8 further has excellent integration with the popular Gmail and Yahoo Mail. All this results in an e-mail client that is more capable and efficient than other platforms. To name a few, contact management, contact synchronization, message management, message synchronization, file management, attachment management, folder management, conversation thread management, and e-mail search, are significantly better on Windows Phone e-mail. The difference is far deeper than appearance. If you handle e-mails with some degree of sophistication, you will appreciate the difference. I travel with both my iPad and Windows Phone. Unless I am using my computer, I usually reach out for the Windows Phone for e-mails instead of the iPad, despite the fact that the e-mails on iPad have so much better readability. This wasn't the case before when I used an iPhone. To just read a recent e-mail, the iPad is an obvious choice. But you don't just read a recent e-mail. Work e-mails have history and threads, and they need to be searchable, and fully synchronized with your computer, and that's where the Windows Phone shines. For example, if you just read or deleted an e-mail on you phone, you want the status to synchronize with the server and other devices, otherwise you end up paying attention to the same e-mail too many times or having to delete the same e-mail multiple times. For another example, if you need to search to find an older e-mail which is not stored on your phone (due to memory conservation, mobile devices do not download and keep a copy of every e-mail in the past), you want your mobile e-mail to give you an opportunity to search e-mails on the server. WP8 does these perfectly. I also like the fact that Windows Phone has a separate live tile with a customized icon for each e-mail account. I don't like the idea of mixing my work e-mail and personal e-mail in the same box, or even under the same icon. I need a clean definition of territories. Of course, if you intend to combine e-mails, you can do that as well on WP8. Flexibility. 3. SKYPE AND NON-CELLULAR SERVICE DEPENDENT PHONE CALLS Skype, owned by Microsoft now, is an important function on WP. Microsoft also makes a Skype app for iOS, but the app is still not nearly as good as the integrated Skype on the Windows Phone. If you use Skype Pro and/or Skype Out, you can actually make phone calls anywhere in the world as long as you have Wi-Fi or cellular data connection. I'm not talking about Skype-to-Skype calls. I'm talking about calling real phone numbers. (This works only with Skype Pro; the free Skype account can only make online Skype calls). No cellular phone connection is required with Skype Pro on Windows Phone. Take an international trip you will understand what I'm saying. Being able to call home and work at international airports *without* a SIM card for the local service is a major convenience. Even if you already have got a local SIM card, using Skype Pro on Windows Phone to make calls on the 3G/4G data service is still a great convenience because it costs only two cents a minute, less than 1/20 of the cost for international calls made on a regular cell phone. It also works other way around. You can make international calls from the US using Skype Pro on your Windows Phone for two cents a minute. Cheap international calls anywhere on your cell phone (and enjoying the integrated phone contacts) - I hope this concept registers with you. 4. CONTACT MANAGEMENT The People Hub on the Windows Phone deserves a separate mentioning. This is by and large the best contact management on a cell phone (WebOS users might have an issue with the statement). It automatically integrates all the contacts from different sources (e-mails, Skype and Facebook) and provides the best accessibility and connectivity on a mobile device. This significantly betters iOS, which has a pretty address book and good editing capabilities, but very little beyond that. When it comes to multi-source contacts integration, accessibility and connectivity, the People Hub on WP is much superior to iOS's contact management. For example, iOS address book has links to internal phone numbers and e-mail addresses, but basically that's it. It does not have active links to external phone numbers (e.g.,contacts pulled from e-mail accounts), Skype contacts, and Facebook friends, etc.. In the People Hub, all these have active links, meaning that they provide a single click connection. In addition, People Hub pulls contacts from Skype, which iOS does not do at all. If you use Skype, especially Skype Pro, you'd suffer a disconnection on iOS. Both address books link contact addresses to maps, but the Apple maps is essentially dysfunctional in this respect. Apple hasn't really spent time to make sure this function actually works (they have been focused on making the thing look pretty). It doesn't work most of the time. Unless you have entered the contact address in a particular manner, clicking the address will result in a "not found" on the maps. The People Hub works perfectly with maps. Under the hood, this is actually a search algorithm issue, not a user interface issue. Like Google, Microsoft knows search. It shows. 5. PRODUCTIVITY Windows Phone 8 wins this important area hands down, not because it is so good, but because others are so bad. The major thing is the Office App and OneNote App, and their integration with the excellent and generous (but underrated) SkyDrive. This allows Windows Phone to do the most essential things for productivity. WP8 further integrates Office 365 and SkyDrive perfectly. If you or your company subscribe to Office 365 and use the cloud versions of the OneNote, Office, Outlook, TeamSite and SharePoint, the productivity is boosted to a whole new level. The iPhone and Android simply cannot provide that kind of productivity. Even if you don't use Office 365, getting the Windows Live and Skydrive would already be the best productive user experience because of the integration with the Web version of Office. I hear people say that they can use an Office-emulating app to do some work on the iPhone (or Android). But no. For serious work, it simply doesn't work. You open a document (Word or PowerPoint, for example), do a slight editing, thinking that you have saved a bit time working on your smart phone, but only to later discover (or be told by an upset colleague) that you changed the subtle aspects of the formatting and styling of the document. That doesn't work for me, nor for anyone I work with. Work environment cannot allow this. The fundamental difference is that the Office App on WP8 and Office Web version have complete compatibility with the traditional Office, while other apps don't. They are built on different foundations. Microsoft's mobile renditions of Office may lack many features of the full Office, but they are completely compatible with it, and that's extremely important. When it comes to work documents, compatibility is more important than feature set. Overall, if documents and e-mails are just different ways of casual "instant messaging" to you, the iPhone is fine. But if documents and e-mails are a work tool to you, Windows Phone is the way to go. 6. NAVIGATION First of all, for those who miss Bing Maps, your Windows Phone still has it. It's only two taps away: tap the Bing search button (hardware button on the right side at the bottom), and then tap the "Local Scout" button (on the left side of the three on the search page). In addition to Bing Maps, Nokia offers a set of navigation apps including Nokia Maps, Nokia Drive, Transit, and City Lens. They together offer excellent navigation, better than Bing Maps alone, and also better than what iOS has to offer. Apple's first map is actually impressive with good features and of course great looks. But as Google has said, doing maps is hard. It's years of exercise versus a morning makeup. Currently, Apple Maps does have a problem. The reports of Apple's terrible map performance are related to map data inaccuracy and map search algorithms. Those Apple fans who refute such reports by claiming that they haven't experienced any problems are missing the point. Unlike other software in which a test is usually universal, your map test results only have to do with the location you tried, and only proves that the map is OK in that one location. When there is a problem at another location, there is a problem. And Apple has a lot of such problems reported. The company acknowledges it. They're not fools. I don't know how fast Apple can improve on that. Data and fundamental algorithms are far more than just doing some programming to add skins. They might need to shell out a billion dollars to buy up. Compared to the excellent Google Maps, Nokia's navigation solution is mixed. It's worse in some ways, but better in other ways. Google shines on map data, especially in the North America segment, no question about it. Google's superiority in search is also reflected in its maps. The app overall feels more mature and advanced, further boosted by is far greater user base (which they earned). But Nokia has several important things on its side. The segmented downloadable maps for off-line GPS is a unique and significant advantage for Nokia. The reliable integration with contact addresses (People Hub) is another. The multi-angle approach of Nokia's navigation app set suits user's particular need better. Nokia also has comparable map data (although arguably slightly inferior North America segment) and mature map algorithms. Nokia's navigation solution comes with several separate apps. In comparison, Google puts everything under Google Maps. I like Nokia's way of tasking. The Nokia apps are meant to be connected (they need to work more on that). You start with one app, but may transit to another when you need it. If done right, Nokia's approach could directly put the user at the best leveraging angle depending on the actual situation, using a specific app with the most suited user interface to maximize the user experience. Some people complain about it either because of their unfamiliarity with this design or their dissatisfaction with the current execution. I hope Nokia doesn't change this good concept, but just keeps on perfecting the apps and improving the integration under this framework. An often overlooked but significant feature Nokia offers is downloadable maps segmented according to regions. Once downloaded to your phone's local storage, the maps are fully functional off-line even when you don't have any cellular network or WiFi access. That could be a matter of getting or not getting to the destination. If you don't think this is important, I don't know what is. Even when cellular network is present, the off-line GPS map means big savings on your data usage. With the downloaded maps, the navigation on Lumia 920 may replace standalone GPS units. It has vastly better user interface to start with. Address search, which is probably the most frustrating thing on standalone GPS units, is far better on Nokia Drive. The overall user experience is superior despite its lack of a few features. But if you need a dedicated GPS unit constantly mounted in the car, that's a different story. If you happen to be at a place without a car (Americans, have you traveled to other places in the world? People don't always drive), try Nokia Transit, which provides detailed guide for public transportation of cities around the world. Nokia takes navigation seriously. They have had an excellent maps tradition and accumulated expertise with Symbian-based cell phones. Considering that they jumped on the WP ship only recently, I'm confident that they will make this whole thing even better in a quite fast pace. 7. THE SCREEN Both Lumia 920 and iPhone 5 have gorgeous screens, but the Lumia is still better. The viewability under direct sunlight is noticeably better on Lumia 920. Both are extremely clear for text and webpage rendering, but Lumia 920 works much better in the portrait mode because of its greater viewing dimension. And Lumia 920 has touchscreen capability when you wear gloves. This may come handy in very cold winter outdoors. But for me, the usefulness is more than during the winter. To protect my hands from suffering painful skin and split fingernails, I often need to wear a glove on my right hand while I'm doing air traveling. Lumia 920 is the only phone that I can use wearing a glove. It is not a gimmick at all. 8. THE CAMERA Lumia 920 has the best cell phone camera on the market, leading by a significant margin, except for Nokia's own PureView 808 which is a different type of device. I say this very objectively. Those who don't see the difference either didn't test it under right conditions, or simply can't tell the differences in photo quality. Lumia 920 is the only smartphone camera that can take decent concert (or party) photos and videos. Its lowlight performance is at least two ISO stops (that's 4 times) better than the iPhone 5. This is primarily due to Nokia's unique pixel binning technology further combined with image stabilization. Neither Nokia nor Apple makes the camera sensors (Sony does), but the photo quality is not only about the sensor itself. Nokia has a tremendous technological and patent advantage in this area. By the way, stop comparing which camera has more megapixels. High MP is a trick used by camera makers to tax on consumer ignorance, and in most cases has very little correlation to picture quality. On cell phones in particular, there are several reasons why it's meaningless to pursue higher MP count. First, no tiny lens on a cell phone is capable of optically resolving pixel numbers beyond 5MP. I challenge you to find a scientific test to prove otherwise. Second, because of the very small sensor sizes, low light performance is a far bigger problem than the number of pixels. Third, you don't need more than 2MP on a cell phone. Generally, photos taken by smart phones are only used for screen viewing instead of making large prints. Even 2MP would be plenty. For web posting, a high-quality 1MP photo would look far better than a lousy 10MP photo. I'm not saying that a smaller pixel number is a good thing in itself. On the contrary, I'm just saying that for a given sensor technology, pixel density is the best sacrifice to make if the goal is to take better pictures with a cell phone camera sensor. Most consumers don't realize that for any given sensor technology, an increase of pixel density comes at the expense of lowlight performance and dynamic range. (Many people intuitively reject this notion, reasoning that it does not make sense that lowlight performance and dynamic range would be affected by pixel density as you can always downsample. But to understand this, you must stop treating pixels as abstract geometrical concepts but actual engineered photosites with optically dead physical boundaries. That is a different topic though.) Every time when the sensor chip technology is improved, they usually have two options: (1) increase the lowlight performance and dynamic range by keeping the same pixel density, or (2) increase the pixel density (to get a greater MP count for a given sensor size) by holding back the real performance. Unfortunately they usually choose the latter because the MP count is a much more marketable gimmick. So instead of honest value, we now have the madness of smartphones reaching and going beyond 10MP with little meaningful result but unnecessarily bad lowlight performance, poor dynamic range, and a big waste of storage, data usage and processing time. Had they focused on real performances on 2-4MP sensors with a generous sensor size permissible on smartphones, we would have now had much more useful cameras on these gadgets. In this regard, Nokia is doing great in spite of (not because of) joining the megapixel race, again thanks to its pixel binning technology and image stabilization. 9. BUILD QUALITY Nokia 920 is a marvelous piece of engineering and manufacturing. Both Nokia 920 and iPhone 5 have a premium appearance, only very different flavors. But the Nokia is without question tougher. I say this not because Nokia is heavier. They use different materials. In choosing materials, these two companies have very different philosophies. Apple always goes after materials that enable extremely slim and light products, while Nokia has always been concerned of durability. If you are already conditioned to update your phone every year, you are an ideal Apple-kind person already. But still, hold your iPhone dearly and don't drop it. I have an iPad 3 that was accidentally dropped from a sofa sidetable to a hard floor head-down. I was completely shocked by the amount of damage it caused. I was expecting a dent on the edge or at worst a crack on the screen, but the whole thing was smashed like glass. That's when I discovered that the iPod 3 uses a glasslike material even for the frame, which looks great, but, just don't drop it. So you might actually need a case for your iPhone. Lumia 920 does not need one. In fact, I can't imagine a case for Lumia 920 without ruining its gorgeous appearance. 10. THE DESIGN This is completely subjective. But I personally feel iPhone 5 is too youthful and delicate, and better in a hand of a teenager, while the Samsung Galaxy S3 too rounded and has no character. I love the overall masculine (but gentle and absolutely not rough) and squarely straight style of Lumia 920. Go to YouTube to hear Marko Ahtisaari of Nokia articulating the design philosophy. 11. THERMAL BEHAVIOR AND BATTERY LIFE The Nokia 920 does not run hot, thankfully. This is one thing I was particularly worried after the bad experience with the Dell Venue Pro which had disgusting thermal performance and power management. Battery life is good, although not excellent, comparable to other top performers such as iPhone 5. If there would be an improvement that could persuade me to change my phone again, it would be a new phone that could last at least a couple of busy days without recharging. I am not a heavy mobile user, but I'm out on a trip quite often. The battery life of my cell phone is among the biggest mental burdens while traveling. Unfortunately, it looks like battery life is not what these companies are focusing on at this time. 12. APPS iPhone wins by a large margin in terms of app number. Although a vast majority of apps are junk on both systems, there are some great apps on both; iOS just has more due to its sheer larger base. So it seems that most people will need to sacrifice a few apps by choosing Windows Phone platform for now. I'm missing quite a few useful apps on the Windows Phone, and make up the deficiency by using the iPad. Windows Phone also has some very good apps that are missing on iOS (in addition to Nokia apps and Microsoft apps), although not as critical. The most important app I miss on the Windows Phone is a decent PDF reader. Microsoft rushed out its own PDF reader, which works for basic reading but has some serious limitations. I hope Adobe or a third-party releases a better PDF reader on WP8 soon. This is a big pain point. However, none of these missing apps has the kind of importance comparable to that of navigation and productivity. To me, the choice is clear. I think it's misleading to do "bean counting" the small things of each system. You've got to have priority. If you need one function that has a dominating priority, then one million less useful "apps" would no longer matter. Despite the relative minor changes in appearance from WP7 to WP8, Windows Phone 8 has got a much better foundation in the program architecture than WP7. With the Windows NT kernel and 90% source code compatibility with Windows RT, the app future looks good. 13. FLUENCY AND EFFICIENCY OF THE OPERATING SYSTEM Windows Phone 8 on Lumia 920 beats iOS on iPhone 5 in terms of fluency and efficiency. WP has a hardware "Back" button in addition to the Home button, while iPhone has just a Home button. This has a significant impact on the flow of operation. I know this is rather subjective, but one thing that particularly bothers me on the iOS is that it requires you to always go back to the home button. You can't directly go back to another place you have just visited. You always have to go back home and start from there again. I remember Steve Jobs proudly making a big point out of it. Theoretically, going back home and then to the last app takes only two steps, but problem is that when you have multiple pages of apps, it causes a bit of hesitation to locate an app. Both iOS's "double-clicking Home" and WP's "long-pressing back button" give you a nice quick list of the opened apps to simplify the selection of apps, but still the additional "Back" button functionality WP is very much appreciated. Another thing that impacts the efficiency is the management of installed apps. The iOS manages installed apps in a simplistic way with much emphasis on the appearance not the functionality. Windows Phone has a much more sophisticated way. The installed apps are directly and separately searchable, and are also automatically organized under alphabetical categories that can be quickly accessed through a single page grid (which itself is accessible by a single swipe). If you have less than 20 installed apps, you will see no difference. If you have about 20-50, the difference would start to show. With 50-100, it becomes apparent, and beyond 100, the difference would be huge. The more apps you install, the greater the difference would be. So power users will find this an advantage on Windows Phone. When you come to think of it, the above may be the reasons why the iOS is so intuitive for beginners, but less efficient for more experienced users. On user interfaces, these two things often conflict. I can see why many like the flow design of iOS, but I prefer WP8's flow much better. 14. CUSTOMIZATION It almost sounds silly that one of the biggest improvements WP8 has over WP7 is adding some smaller sized tiles. Hardly innovative, but it makes a big difference, largely speaking against the old design. I don't like those big tiles. I simply don't think any app deserves that much attention, especially in such a uniquely precious small room. I customized my start page to have all tiles in quarter size except for the phone button. Thank you, Microsoft, for allowing such basic freedom. My start space is now much more efficiently used and no longer a victim of the almost tyrant "less is more" so-called clean design philosophy. The level of customization further down is mostly on par with the iOS. Android would still have an edge over both, but I think this is got to a very reasonable level already. But I do have one big complaint against Windows Phone: With WP8, you still can't turn off that stupid screen auto-rotation. You simply can't so far. No user settings has that. No app that does that. Even unlocked phone can't do that. Forgive me to call auto-rotation feature stupid. But it is one of those tech-things that make no sense on a mobile phone, precisely because a mobile phone is just so, mobile. The problem is that these device designers fail to understand that the proper (or desired) orientation of the screen simply cannot be determined by an orientation sensor. The sensor determines the orientation using gravity and the earth as the reference, not your body. As a result, the sensor can only detect the phone's orientation itself, not its relative orientation to the user's body posture, which is what actually matters. So it works properly only when you are standing straight, not when you are inclined or lie down. In fact, it always turns to the wrong orientation when you are inclined or lie down, so you have to fight it. In practice, the non-switchable autorotation causes much more annoyance than any utility. It is OK if they just use it as a gimmick to attract feature counters, but it is not OK to have it permanently implemented and cannot be turned off. It's simply stupid. I think the best solution is iPad 3's combination of autorotation plus a hardware-based button for a mechanical lock. It combines the best of both worlds. The iPhone has autorotation plus user manual options in the settings and apps, which is not as good as the iPad, but still much better than Windows Phone's autorotation only, whenever and wherever. The reason why I make this auto-rotation issue such a big deal is just to make a point, not because the thing itself is so life-threatening. I can live with the annoyance. But the failure or overlook of such issues after all these years is very telling of Microsoft. 15. REFINEMENT OF THE OPERATING SYSTEM When it comes to very fine details, Apple wins. WP8 has improved over WP7, but still no match to the iOS in its refinement of details. Company wise, and culture wise, Microsoft has not fully learned this art yet. Let me name a few: (1) The input mode is still a mess despite an excellent keyboard. Although typing new text is easy, accurately placing the cursor to edit text is virtually impossible. Also, you can't quickly do a "select all" to copy and paste a text. It requires a painful maneuver to do so, many times more difficult than doing the same on iOS which gives you a selection in an automatically pop-up menu. Oh please, they struggled with this copy and paste thing from the very beginning and received a disproportionately great amount of criticisms, so you would think that they would have jumped all over it to not only improve it, but in fact over-improve it. Not at all. It's still a half cooked solution. (2) The network status indicators on the top of the screen don't stay. They disappear transiently. You have to touch the screen in a particular manner to bring them back. You can't change that in the settings. This is useless frivolous design. The indicators don't occupy extra space at all when they are displayed, and their disappearance does not result in any benefit. It just makes the system fussy and less certain. My basic assertion is that cell phone's network status is a constant user concern, and being able to glance at these essential indicators any time gives you peace of mind, and is a good part of the harmonious "handset environment". Having to always struggle for such a simple thing is nonsense especially when the sacrifice is made for no purpose. I think what happened at Microsoft was like this: One day, someone from Microsoft management shouted in a meeting: "Less is more! Less is more! Look at Apple, we need to learn from them!" And shortly after that, a Microsoft engineer came up with this idea of hiding the network status indicators... Microsoft has done the hard part of building a very promising mobile OS, it shouldn't be so difficult for them to do these very basic and simple things right. It is obviously not an engineering issue. It is a product management issue.I have owned a smart phone of some sort for a very long time, primarily as a function of my job. I began in 2001 holding and using a Blackberry (I believe a 7xxx at the time?) And migrated through the Blackberries. At a certain point, though, things changed and the iPhone became my primary smart phones. I owned the iPhone 3GS/4/4S. When the 5 came out, I had hold of it on release day.. and was immediately let down. Longer, not wider didn't provide me the features that I was looking for, and it appeared obvious to me that Apple had lost the thread of real innovation. I played with the Samsung Galaxy S3, and frankly, was impressed. The screen was nice, the layout was nice. But some of the key functionality within the Galaxy S3 struck me as lacking just the key comforts.. and, frankly the Galaxy S3 build quality seemed to come across to me as "cheap" despite the high price. It just didn't have the finish, the camera shots weren't what I was after. Being willing to experiment with multiple phones, I had my eye on giving Windows Phone 8 a try with the Nokia 920. I've had the 920 a couple of days, and I have to say I've rarely used a phone that made as much quick sense as the Nokia 920. Let me go over the pros: * Live Tiles are a more efficient layout method compared to either iPhone or Android. Frankly, the instant live rolling track system that for me monitors email and updates (twitter/facebook) is both sensible and fast. You will never flip through pages on your phone to find what you're looking for, and pinning items to your front screen just makes sense. * SkyDrive integration is a MAJOR benefit. One of the greatest qualms I had about the iPhone as well as the Android was the way my pictures came off once I had taken them. Seemingly saved in high compression JPEGs, or exportable off the phone in a compressed format (photostream or email or whatever) the Nokia 920's ability to save high quality shots straight to your online Skydrive . I had no problem getting full quality high resolution images that look stunning and absolutely put what I was getting on the 4S and Galaxy to complete shame. But Skydrive's other big benefit is the easy integration into your Windows PCs (7 and 8). I've long used DropBox and Box, but SkyDrive's unifying factor across your Windows platforms really gives you an unbelievable level of access to your home PCs when you're on the road. * Key functional apps are better on Windows platform.. and that's not a joke. I'm not a huge app person.. and I recognize that the Windows8 App Store is growing (quickly) but it's still significantly smaller. That said, several of the apps I use on a daily basis are improved from their Android and iPhone counterparts.. Audible for WP8 is THE best offering in a mobile environment of Audible, period. It's clean design and easy to use layout really works incredibly well. * Contact integration of multiple sources (LinkedIn, Facebook, etc.) is so smooth that you'll be surprised how fast you're up and going. * File Format Support: Yes, I could do this with Android as well (kind of) but being able to quickly drag .AVI, .MP4, .WMV files onto my Nokia 920 and have them playable on the phone quickly? Fantastic stuff.... I've always recoded several in the past, but really nice to not have to break out mediacoder to get it into a compliant MP4. * This has one of the best looking screens I have ever seen on the phone; text is bright and easy to read, video and picture quality is also fantastic. Even in sunlight, this phone remains incredibly easy to read and use. I can't explain what a big bonus this is in comparison to a lot of the alternatives. There are some negatives: The Syncronization tool is in beta, and it's pretty rudimentary. You're better off just dragging and dropping your stuff onto your phone or using Windows Media Player (yeah, I know). I'm looking for a better synchronization tool, but reportedly MS is coming out with one soon. The App Store is growing.. but a lot of the key apps you may be used to aren't there yet. Spotify has said Q1/2013. Pandora is also a Q1/2013. So, if you're an early adopter, you're going to wait a month or so for several big name apps to happen. That having been said, since most of my big apps were there (Bank of America, Audible, a Tapatalk reader) are available now, I'm willing to invest and buy in. Yes, you'll find Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja etc. :) Many peripherals I'm waiting on will take a bit.. ATT is giving away a free wireless charger, but odds are you're going to have to wait for yours to get delivered. All said, if you're looking to do something different, to break with the herd, this is the phone to grab. Fantastic screen, very fast LTE performance, great built in browser, and the extras that come with it are great. I didn't even mention the Nokia exclusives (Nokia Maps, etc.) which really help make this the best bang for the buck smartphone on the market. Period.Well let me first state that yes I love microsoft products. I use Cloud drive, love xbox music use their email client as my primary email and use outlook for work related stuff. witht that out of the way i want to say. WOW this phone is pretty. I have read reviews about how heavy and not as sexy this phone is compare to the iphone 5...... PLEASE !!!! give me abreak. I took the phone to a large gatherintg last night and people were just amazed of how beautiful, well made and solid it feels. Yes it looks like a well crafted and designed product. People pulled out galaxy notes II, nexus, and iphone 4 and 5 all with cases. THIS PHONE DOES NOT NEED A CASE. Solid polycarbonate that doesnt scratch and very solid super smooth feel (I have the black one) People are amazed of how smooth everything runs. My usual demonstration involves clicking on the people hubb - one contact - the swipe to their pictures on facebook and look at their pictures in no time!. Everybody has said the iphone cant even come close to getting this fast to someone elses picture on a faraway server (on ATT LTE or wifi) Downloading apps, music or websites is super , super super fast. Who cares if I dont have instagram , everything else is just super simple. I have yet to find any bugs . Apps not too many, I usually use news apps (NYTIMES, CNN, TIME ) whatsapp (which is way better than the old app but a little behind the iphone app) Skydrive, Nokia music is indcredibily good since most of the time i dont even know what i want to listen to , Rowi for my twitter, the weather channel Skype and some amazing games. I think people will find out that this is a simple phone with an easy interface. Things are done differntly than on an iphone so you might have to relearn stuff. But if you give it a try you will find out you might end up loving it, just like a I do. One thing that i need to figure out just yet is the battery life issue. mine has been draining quite fast and have yet to know why. So i will post an update. Still with this i love this phone Ohh the camera........ the best camera you will ever have on a cellphone. (until next years new nokia camera) and on top of all that i only payed 99$.I was waiting for this phone for while as I was user of Nokia N8 which was another great phone it just needed bigger screen. Then I switch to several Android devices mainly for the big screen feature in all after several days of using I got discouraged mainly with short battery life and random restarts and screen bleeding with HTC Amaze. I switched to Iphone 4S where I sacrifice the big screen crewing for functionality. The Iphone served me very well and I did not have any complaints. It was great phone just needed bigger screen, but I could live with that since the functionality. Then Nokia 808 came to the market and I was really surprised with the camera feature. I was going to buy it has bigger screen then N8 and Symbian is not all that bad, the main feature I like is the FM transmitter that works very well, they shoud include this feature in the Lumia line up. I did not buy the N 808 since there was news that Iphone 5 will have bigger screen and finally NFC integration. When Iphone 5 came up it shattered my hopes. Screen was bigger but not just enough for me it did not seems that bigger in real life and one line of icons was not seller for me and missing integration of NFC is in my opinion bad step from apple. They did not have me as a buyer as I am not interested to get thinner phone that only evolve from previous model but did not bring anything new. In the time the spec of the new Lumias was already out and decided wait for it instead of Iphone. I was quite a wait as we have to wait for MS to unveil their new OS. I believe there is step to innovation and no just evolution. There as several new features in the OS that get me to decide go with them instead of Apple. Now get to the Lumia 920: I read several review when all of the authors complained about the weight of the phone, I consider this is a hype created by Apple and their creation of slim and light phones which I trust are appealing to big masses, but on other side we have the SGIII users that they are going for the size of the screen. When I received the Lumia 920 and unboxed it the weigh did not seems to be that discouraging for me actually the opposite it feels good in my hand and therefore I cannot conclude with the several reviews that the phone is heavy, it is on the heavier side but not as was presented in the reviews. The build of the phone is beautiful, I like the unibody and the screen is nicely flash with the casing. The buttons are flashed nicely and their are not just some plastic one but instead they are made from zirconium which is another proof of the quality build. The screen is vivid and very responsive, I tried the advertised use in gloves and it did work perfectly. The video playback and the web browsing look great. So far one the best screen I ever have the pleasure to use it. Call quality is as shoud be I did not have any issue in my pas week using the phone and I did not look for something out of ordinary it makes calls good, no distorted sound everybody understand me. I used my VOIP client and it worked well on the phone with the 4G network. I highly recommend this for international callings. Now the BIG ONE the camera "Pure View" I took several pictures side by side with my Iphone 4S. The Iphone produced quality photo during a day and in lighted room there was some instances that the colors look more vivid. During a low light and night the Lumia is the winner by far. The Iphone photos were grainy with missing details or just dark spots. I have one big complain to the phone software, it is basic and lack of some in-depth settings but this is taking care of by the NOKIA LENSES, which you have to download it from the market. The Nokia Lenses will enhance the phone taking experience. If you looking for great foto/mobil this is it. Battery life, also there was several reviews and concerns about the battery. I charged and discharged the battery when I first got the phone after this operation which is recommended for all phones, I am getting around two days of use. Not bad. Wireless charging, somebody might say it is gimmick but it works and I do like it just lay you phone down. Definitely plus and decision point for me. Conclusion: This is great phone with beautifully build and features. It feels good in a hand. Nokia included several bonus points that should be the decision point for really split buyers. Nokia Drive, Whole world navigation that is offline and works great. Nokia music online based music service that allows you create own playlist but also you can download the music to you phone and use it offline. No need to burn you data plan. Several Nokia apps that is free to Nokia users. I am not saying this phone is better or worst then Iphone or Android devices, but it is different and innovative piece of equipment thet have the price that is appealing. Evrywher you look this day you Iphone and galaxy phones if you want be bit different you shoud get this phone in a color that you like, until you will se Lumia all around you. Then hopefully something else will emerge that will make you different from the group.Like many out there considering making a switch, I was hesitant about WP. I had an android phone and carried an iPad. I was happy with both platform and Windows seemed risky. Still, the clean design was appealing to me and I had been a fan of Windows Mobile in the past - going back to the original Palm-sized PC. I first made the switch with a Lumia 900 and the 920 improves on the experience. If your favorite thing about your phone is Instagram and Pandora, this is probably not for you. In my opinion, WP is the best mobile plaform out right now, but until it sells better, it will not be at the top of the list for developer attention. If you MUST have specific apps, check the app store and see if they are available. Be aware, there are lots of great alternative apps when very popular apps are missing that are also worth a look. But if all your friends are on instagram, that probably doesnt matter to you. The Lumia 920 has the best camera you will find on a cell phone right now. It works great in low light and video is smooth thanks to PureView. You have the ability to focus at very close range (macro) as well. The only thing I would wish for is more zoom, but lets not get greedy. Where this phone and WP in general shines is in the core functions. Email, web browsing, camera, navigation, messaging, are all top notch. Its even top of the class when it comes to making phone calls. The People Hub, as other's have mentioned is like nothing any other platform has to offer. From the people hub you can do things a normal contact app can do, plus see a feed of content from your facebook, twitter, linked-in and other networks. Like and comment facebook posts and retweet something all from a single unified feed. Select a contact and see a history of all your interaction with that person and all their recent social medai posts. Windows Phone puts more information at your fingertips. Nokia matches the platform to cutting edge, well-built, beautiful and durable hardware.I wrote about this phone on one of my blogs, but let me add some words here, since I reviewed the 900 months ago. First, the 920 fits fine in a jean or pants pocket. It is not too heavy or big. It is sturdy. My friend got the 928, which is lighter and looks nice. Another friend is getting the 1020. I almost guarantee I'll never meet anyone with a 925, though it is gorgeous. All these models are Nokia and all great. All in all the 920 really feels like a 900 with a much nicer screen and camera. The camera and video both live up to the hype. The DEDICATED CAMERA BUTTON is one of the things that make Windows Phone great. I'm just writing this for those combing through online opinions before making a decision. You should be commended. Most people let phone salesman rope them into getting a Samsung. Android is great. I'm not taking sides here. All I am saying is if you are reading reviews, take the next step. Get someone to show you a plugged in model at a store. Use the info you've gained from research and start poking at buttons. Take it from there. Whatever you do, tell the phone salesman to walk away if they begin to annoy you. So often it is that they know very little, yet have so much to say. I should probably say a few more things about why I give the 920 five stars. The main reason is Nokia. I dig the design language of Windows Phone immensely, but it is quirky and still has faults and little inconveniences. I knew that and decided 100% to stick with it. More reasons: Office/Skydrive integration (I use this all the time for my work at a community college and for poetry readings); really nice map/HERE Drive+ GPS integration (even easier if you download a shortcut to the vanilla Bing map interface in the Store); great battery life once you tweak settings; smooth running efficient OS; live tiles and calendar are cool; once again, DEDICATED CAMERA BUTTON; pretty tile colors... listen, I just like the thing. I'll stop, but just one more point - the way Bing, maps, local search, audio search, barcode search, and song search are all integrated is astounding. You can even use the camera to translate things. If you get the phone, learn how to do all that stuff.Pros: 1) Best hardware. 2) Optical image stabilization (1st time in a cell phone). 3) Wire less charging built in. 4) Nokia Drive is awesome, voice guided navigation covered in majority of the countries, you can download maps to your phone, saves Cellular data bill. 5) Awesome camera, lot of improvement in picture sharpness after the firmware update, great video due to optical image stabilization. 6) Solid build quality. 7) Great screen resolution, can navigate the screen with gloves on. 8) Multiple colors to choose from, i got the red one. 9) Great integration of Office, SharePoint, One Note, Sky Drive, Facebook into the operating system. 10) Windows Phone operating system is little late to the party but it is well executed, like the live tiles. 11) In order to appreciate the effect of live tiles you will have to use the phone, customize the home screen with the apps you like & can see live information, don't have to open the app. 12) Facebook messenger is integrated into the Text/messenger so don't need another app to chat with Facebook friends. 13) Facebook contacts are merged with your contacts so select a contact & swipe left you can see all their posts on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Cons: 1) Heavy (personal choice), i got used to it, point # 1 & 2 in Pros resulted in a heavier/bulkier phone. 2) Limited apps in store.I ended up getting a great deal on this and bought three of them in white, blue and red (for my wife, daughter, myself). The wireless charging is amazing and works just like my electric toothbrush, just sit it on a pad (of course mine is the only one still backordered). The blue phone arrived last, red was second to arrive while white came in pretty quick but that's what my wife wanted after seeing the iPhone in white. I don't know why these are unavailable on Amazon although I have heard many stores are also sold out in one color or another. As for AT&T, I was willing to leave and go try Verizon but couldn't pass up on the deal due to my company's discounts on service PLUS I wanted this phone. My nephew also recently gave up his Iphone after many years to go buy a Lumia 920. He was able to move his music collection (from ITunes) with the app for his Mac. He considered Galaxy or Nexus as well and absolutely loves this phone. How heavy? At first I thought it was heavy when I was trying it out in the store but now I am used to it. No one in the family complaining but know that it's heavier than most smartphones. If you have trouble carrying another 30 grams or so, perhaps look into doing some pushups :). How sturdy? I also bought a case for my wife but she doesn't use it, the phone seems sturdy enough. What about the OS? As for the Windows Phone OS, I haven't noticed any showstoppers. The interface is refreshing, fast and fluid. You have to keep the phone to realize how much easier it is to integrate with Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. I haven't explored a new feature called rooms or groups but it seems interesting for a family to stay in sync with shared contacts, calendar, notes etc. almost like an electronic bulletin board. My wife is not technical so will have to see how useful this feature is or if she uses it. Will update the review on this one. As for apps, they keep coming every day and I don't feel like it's limited or what the brouhaha is. The only one I hear about is instagram but I hear its coming. Critical feature that sold me on this versus alternatives? Nokia Maps. I also considered HTC 8x but felt Nokia had more apps I wanted and I expect better support. One of the best phones I have ever owned was a Nokia and this seems solid. I would consider the 8x if the weight really bothers you but again, we are all used to it already. Quick review of AT&T stores if I may: AT&T help and knowledge of these products at the store is a hit or miss. When asked what is the difference between 920 and 820, I got, one's bigger than the other. Daaah!!! How about wireless charging built in, the awesome camera (btw pics and video on this are great and much better than my old phone and rival my canon Point and shoot), xbox integration (some of it is gimmicky but man I use it as a remote more than I thought), Nokia music. What I would have liked to see more of: FM radio but I can live without it. Nothing else comes to mind for now. If you go with an open mind with no preconceived notions (hard to do if you are a fanboy or fangirl), you'll be pleasantly surprised. To add, 12/1/2012: I wondered if the phone locks do you just wait it for it to die or is there a reset? I found out at the AT&T store (sorry if I said bad things about you before) you can press volume and power and hold for 5-10 seconds and the device resets (like ctl alt del). I now need to find a clip so I can attach it to my dash somehow for music and gps. If someone has suggestions, please fire away.I have had my phone for over a year now and I thought I would leave a review about. The things I like about the phone are Ease of use, Sound, video and phone quality, Hard Drive Size I have 20gbs worth of music on it along with watching movies on the XBOX video app Day time photo are the best along with night time. Day time video is good Has a few good apps, here are some I like Games Let's golf 2- Battery hog, Microsoft Solitaire Collections- Battery hog, Tetris Blitz, AE Basketball AE Bowling 3D, AE Jewels, Fun-Putt Mini Golf A few apps I like Shopping List, Snes8x, Track Runner battery hog "GPS", Geocahing Plus, Bookviser. Dislike night time video is not the best in pitch black Watching movies and TV shows drains the battery Using GPS also is a battery hog. Despite some APPS being a battery hog this is an excellent phone and I would recommend it to anyone. I plan on getting a http://www.amazon.com/Synology-DiskStation-Diskless-Attached-DS213j/dp/B00CRB9CK4/ref=sr_1_1?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1401236579&sr=1-1 that way I can use the Synology software on the windows phone to stream music, movies and TV shows, not unless Microsoft makes a windows media center app by the end of summer I can skip this and be one happy camper..Despite some shortcomings I'm really happy that I decided to buy the Lumia. I found a way around most negatives and I haven't found a better phone yet. Overall, what impressed me the most is what I didn't find: annoying bugs in the operating system. There are really very few. Windows Phone 8 seems much more stable and mature than my husband's Android phone or my Android tablet. (I refuse to use Apple because they use too many proprietary things and don't "play well" with other systems, so I can't really compare it to iOS). Here is what I found(I explain the "why" in more detail below): 1) Really great: - Fully functional offline GPS with free worldwide maps (works also on my Europe vacation, w/o insane data charges or even a SIM card) 2) Pretty good: - Physical button for camera and video - Build and quality (no need for a protective case) - Voice recognition (works even with an accent) - Playing Nokia Music via Bluetooth connection on the stereo (very stable BT compared to HTC Android)) - Stable hotspot connection (creates a very stable local WIFI compared to HTC Android) - Live tiles - Standard charging cables (can use the same cable for multiple devices) 3) Neat little functions - Song recognition - Visual voice mail 4) Sufficient: - App store - Media transfer 5) Bad: - No wireless offline sync for Outlook (only via skydrive or 3rd party product) - Notes are saved to Skydrive without user consent - No Micro SD card - No texting from PC - No HDMI or video output (only DLNA, which most TVs don't have yet) - Playlist management - Only one volume setting for ring tone and everything else Here is why: 1) Really great: - Offline GPS: Nokia Lumias are the only phones with real (offline) GPS and free worldwide maps. All other phones (iPhone, Samsung) only have "online GPS" - meaning they require an Internet connection. Lumia connects directly to satellite, just like a Garmin (instead o cell towers like other phones). Why is that important to me? I travel frequently to foreign countries where data charges are insane. For calls and texts I buy cheap pre-paid local SIM cards and use an old unlocked phone. I can still use my Lumia GPS though because it works without a SIM card or internet connection. Just like a Garmin it also shows information about nearby restaurants, shopping and points of interest. 2) Pretty good: - Physical button for camera & video: My phone has become my main picture taking & video recording device. The Nokia Lumia has a physical camera button that I very much appreciate. I can grab my phone, press the button at the side and the camera is ready to shoot. The physical button just works faster for me and it also seems to be easier to explain "press here" to some stranger who I ask to take a photo of me with my camera. The phone really takes great low-light pictures. I can take pictures w/o disturbing everyone with a flash. The Lumia does need better zoom capabilities though. It gets kind of blurry when I zoom in. I do regret that I didn't wait for the 42MP Lumia that will come out later this year. - Build and quality: That's where Nokia traditionally shines. There are several videos on YouTube that show how indestructible this phone is. I haven't tried it but apparently you can use it to hammer in a nail (with the screen side), drop it or drive a car over it and it still works. There is no need to buy a protective case for this one. The color goes "all through" the polycarbonate body (I'm sure there is a better technical term for that). It's not just a layer on the surface. So if it does get scratched (which is pretty difficult to do) then those scratches are hardly visible. Yes, the phone could be a little lighter but that doesn't bother me too much. Even though I'm a "business kind of person" I decided to go with a yellow one. A splash of color looks great with my otherwise mostly neutral business clothes and devices. Screen is awesome and very sensitive to touch. - Voice recognition: It's fairly standard for modern smart phones that you can dictate text instead of typing it. I happen to have a German accent though and most voice recognition softwares can't deal with that. The Nokia Lumia gets 99% of what I'm saying right. I've never had such an easy time dictating before. - Playing Nokia Music via Bluetooth on the stereo speakers: With the Lumia 920 you get free music mixes from Nokia. I don't have the time to build a music collection and put playlists together. So I'm always lacking nice background music when we have guests or when we're just sitting out on the deck on a nice summer evening. We bought a cheap Bluetooth receiver to plug into our stereo so that we can select and play music right from our phone. Setup was just plug and play. We tried the same with my husbands iPhone 3 and Android HTC Inspire but the music came out very choppy. The Lumia has a much more stable connection and great sound. I just pick a music mix from Nokia music that fits the mood or I pick individual songs from my collection. Our speakers are in the living room but I can change the music from my phone when I'm in the kitchen or the deck outside. - Stable hotspot connection: The Lumia works very well as a hotspot. It connects my laptop wirelessly to the Internet when I travel. Most smartphones can do this but the connection through the Lumia is really good compared with my husband's HTC Inspire. - Live tiles: The tiles are much more than just shortcuts to apps. You can pin about everything to the start screen: music mixes, stock prices, photos, videos, websites, contacts and apps of course. I especially love the tiles for stock positions that I hold. I can just glance at my phone to see the latest stock price w/o having to open an app. Then there are those things that I use often: "people tiles" for my husband and best friend to tap on and call, shortcuts to websites, apps like an egg-timer, the latest CNN news headlines etc. Then I have a tile with rotating wedding pictures(just because they make me happy when I glance at them during the day). It's highly customizable. - Standard charging cables: I have a habit of forgetting my phone charging cable whenever I travel somewhere. In the past I've spend a lot of money on replacement cables because my phone required a model & manufacturer specific cable. The Lumia 920 uses a standard mini USB cable and power plug for charging. They are dirt cheap on Amazon and many other devices use the same cable. I can now use the same cable for my Kindle, my phone and my Android tablet. That cuts down on replacement cost and the number of cables that I have to carry around when I travel. 3) Some neat little functions: - Song recognition: The Lumia recognizes music for me. Ever hear that great song on the radio or TV and want to know what it is? With 2 tabs on the Lumia the device starts "listening for music". It then searches for the song in Xbox Music and shows me the title and artist. - Visual voice mail: Voice messages are listed on the phone with the name of caller and time of call. I like that I can delete them without going into my voice mail system. I don't even have to listen to them. 4) Sufficient: - App store: I can get all the major apps that I need in the Windows App store. Unfortunately some online services (banks, online trading platforms etc) only offer Android and iOS versions of their apps. As long as they have a good generic mobile website that's not a problem since you can just pin the mobile website to your start screen and that is (almost) as good as an app. A few of the services I use have no mobile websites though. - Media transfer: When the Lumia is connected to a PC via USB then it shows up as an additional drive in the Windows explorer. You can move or copy from/to the drive just like to any other drive. Unfortunately it doesn't work over Bluetooth but it's sufficient for me (mostly I use it for moving photos to my PC and for copying the occasional Word/Excel document to my phone. I can review it then while I'm sitting on a plane). 5) Bad (some of it will hopefully be fixed with the upcoming Nokia Amber and Windows Blue updates): - No wireless offline sync for Outlook: With my old Nokia Symbian I was able to just sync my Outlook contacts and calendar via Bluetooth between my phone and PC. Unfortunately Microsoft followed the now popular "cloud" concept and everything needs to be stored on Skydrive to work. You can sync between PC and Skydrive and you can sync between phone and Skydrive. There is no direct sync between phone and PC without the Skydrive though. That concept has some advantages and many people like it that way. I'm not one of them. I do not want to have my personal data in the almighty cloud. I follow the principle of putting nothing on the Internet unless I'm ok with the whole wide world seeing it. I doubt that the FBI is interested in my calendar entries but it still bothers me that the "cloud" can be accessed by such organizations without a warrant. I want my personal data physically under my control and it really irks me that I'm not given the option. I worked around it by installing a 3rd party program ("Akruto Sync") that lets me sync my Outlook data over a WIFI network. It only works while I'm on my home network but so far that's been sufficient for me (it does have an Internet sync option but it's not easy to set up). - Notes are automatically saved to sky drive without the user's consent: I use Windows OneNote extensively on my PC so I was thrilled when it came pre-installed on my Lumia. Unfortunately notes are automatically saved to the sky drive, without the user even being aware of it. There is no setting to prevent that. That left me wondering what else is being transferred without my knowledge. After the initial setup I changed the password for my Microsoft account to some nonsense on my phone. That way the phone can't save anything to the Skydrive without my knowledge. There are plenty of nice free note apps in the Windows store and I installed one that I'm using instead. I wish I would be able to sync my notes to my PC though. - No Micro SD card: 32 Gig are more than sufficient for most of what I do on my phone. However, I would like to have the option to extend if I ever need it. So far I've eventually run out of space on every device I ever had. Some great app might come out in the future that needs more space. - No texting from my computer: As a former Nokia Symbian user I've gotten used to reading, writing and sending text messages from my PC.. I miss this with the Nokia Lumia. The excellent "speech to text" function does make composing texts on the phone faster now though. - No HDMI or video output: Nokia uses the DLNA standard that most manufactures (except for Apple) agreed to for connecting devices on WIFI. In the future most TVs will probably be connected to a home network and to the internet. You can then play videos from your phone wirelessly via WIFI to your TV. However, for the time being most TVs are not connected to a net yet. It would be nice to still have an HDMI connector or video output on the phone so that I can play videos to the TV from there (or show photos). Even my old Symbian N97 had that. Until we get a new TV I have to transfer everything to my laptop and play it from there. - The music playlist management is simply horrible: You can create playlist on your PC and transfer them to the Lumia. You also can create playlists directly on the phone but once they are created there is no way to edit them anymore. This seems so basic that I hope it will be addressed in the next update. - Only one volume selection for everything: The Lumia doesn't let you regulate the volume for the ring tone separately from the volume for everything else (video, music, speech). That can get really annoying in certain situations. There have been so many user complaints about that though, that I'm hopeful it's going to be addressed in the next firmware update. There are a ton of other functions on the Lumia that I don't use so I'll stop here. Overall I don't think you'll find much missing on the Lumia and you'll get a solid, high quality smartphone.Windows 8 is really slick. I know many people hate it, and I was one who delayed converting because of the reviews and bad experiences I read about. I finally built a PC and bought a touchscreen for it, so I installed win8...and we love it. I even upgraded two more PCs and use touchpads and regular mice with those, and it's amazing. If you're scared off by the reviews, give it a try and some time to get acclimated...you won't regret it. I mention that because once you familiarize yourself with Win8, a Windows phone is a no-brainer. I've used iOS and Android...of those two, I prefer Android. But Windows8 is now my favorite. The live tiles are cool, being able to customize your home screen, re-size tiles...all very slick. The camera on this phone is great. Low-light pictures are really good. No comparison to other smartphones. In regular lighting, I think it's comparable to others, but not outstanding. Haven't shot video yet, but I understand that is another area it can excel in. The size and weight were a big concern BEFORE I got the phone. I had read the reviews and people, even those who liked the phone said the heft was a significant drawback. I had used a GS3 previously, so I was concerned that I was going to a phone with a smaller screen but significantly more "weight". I can tell you now that it's way overblown. The size and weight are not significant at all. It's definitely heavier but it doesn't feel disproportionately so. It has a really good feel in your hand and the weight seems to contribute (positively) to that. It's very intuitive to operate and since it's Windows-based, you just plug it in to your PC and it opens like any other drive or device in explorer. Drag and drop files between folders...very simple. The wireless charging is probably the coolest part of this phone. You just set it on the plate and it charges. I got a free wireless charger with the phone, so it's not even any extra cost right now. Now that I've had this, I wonder why every phone doesn't make this standard! So easy and cool. I bought an extra charger to take to work! The one negative you may find, especially if you are a big app user, is that there is not the volume of apps available yet for windows. I don't use a ton of them, and I was able to find either the same app or a comparable/better alternative for everything except for one. I'm not typical, probably, so consider that before you jump in. However, things like the Nokia Music app are free and you can download music for free to play on the device...you can set up your own mix or go with theirs, and then download to listen offline. Update the list occasionally and you'll get a new mix. And it's all free. All in all, I thought the GS3 was the best phone I had used when I got it last year. It's still a great phone, but now having used the Windows based phone, I think Microsoft finally got this right. The seamless integration between phone and PC is finally evident and I can't believe it was MSFT that did it...I am really impressed with this phone. UPDATE: Battery life is excellent (for a smartphone). I can get through a day at work, with normal usage (mostly texting, checking email,listening to music on the commute) using only half the battery. It seems like it really conserves battery when the screen is inactive during the night. Much better than my Samsung android phones. I used less than 5% of the battery overnight on the Lumia vs. 17%-20% minimum on the GS3 and Note. Another thing that is nice is that on my GS3 I ran Avast mobile security but on the Win8 platform programs are all sandboxed so processes can't' hijack and run when another process is running, thus better security and no need to run additional software on the phone for security. That's very nice to know as well, especially given the popularity of MSFT hacks and attacks.I LOVE this device. Others have talked about the device, so I figure I'll provide some tips to new Lumia users (cool things I found): Apps - going to sound like a Nokia commercial, but these are the ones I use most: * Smartshoot - takes several photos in succession and lets you EASILY pick / choose the best bits of each to make one good photo * Cinemagraph - Take a short video and animate certain pieces of it while leaving the other parts still (youtube it) * Nokia Music - Free and ad-free, new music with offline access (no data charges). This must cost Nokia money, but who care, I paid for the phone * Nokia Drive+ - Free turn by turn voice guided GPS that uses the same maps as Garmin * Metrotube - Awesome Youtube app * Photobeamer - send a photo from your screen to any web enabled device - mindbendingly simple and one of those apps that you can't understand how it's not 'magic' Visual and music search - just hit the search button and then choose the eye - you can scan QR codes, bar codes, Microsoft tags etc. without an app. If you hit the 'musical note' icon, it will listen to a song and tell you the name, again, no app required Kids corner - allow your kids to bypass the lock on your phone but only get to their apps. Wireless charging - this is more awesome than you can imagine if you haven't used it. Skydrive - works like iCloud but is available on Android, Xbox, iphone and Windows 7 and 8. Take a pic or video, and it will automatically be on your PC, Xbox or other device. Upload an office doc to Skydrive and edit it on the web or your phone.It is really good to see Nokia come out with a solid device that provides great overall value. Whether you are an iOS, Android or WP fan, what benefits us all as consumers is the presence of a healthy ecosystem of strong devices that makes the consumers in charge, rather than some snob executive or marketing guru who think they know what is best for us. I have had a windows phone for the past 4 years as my personal phone and various iPhones and Android devices as my work phones (I work in the mobile industry developing software for devices) and each has their strengths and weaknesses. I am not a fan boy of any company or device, but I understand that each of the players in the market right now are necessary for a balance in the favor of consumers (think T-Mobile's relationship to ATT & Verizon). In-fact I hope that the Blackberry comes out with a great phone this year and makes the marketplace even more interesting. Folks are just too cynical these days dissing and calling for the death of companies that don't innovate, without realizing that the fewer the companies, the worse off we are. Now for the phone itself, I have not seen a screen yet that beats the Lumia 920. While it may not be the largest, it is the best balance of size and resolution and you immediately notice it. I am for the first time, one of those users who are constantly stuck on their phone sliding, swiping, playing around with it while having lunch, drinking coffee or walking around, It really isn't healthy and I hope I can stop doing that, but for now I am hooked. I have also merged my device functions, as the Lumia is now both my personal and business phone. We run Office 365 where I work and integration with Exchange is a breeze, email and calendars work great. The keyboard is very responsive and the dictionary is probably one of the best out there. The Office Suite of apps that come standard are very useful for making simple edits and last minute fixes before important meetings (you will never use the phone to create full on doc and presentations, but if you do, more power to you). SharePoint integration works really well and makes collaboration on the go easier. Finally the Lync app is probably the best one available (the one on iOS is pretty horrible, don't know if that is done on purpose but I wouldn't be surprised) and works well over the 4G connection. Other business apps I have used are LinkedIn which works great and does pretty much everything I need it to do, Bloomberg and my Banking apps. The overall UI is very smooth and responsive and I have never had the phone freeze on me yet. I have dropped the phone a couple of times while on the go and it is still looks fine, no dents and scratches. A few cons are the battery life, the phone hasn't lasted me more than 1 and a half days without a charge(I have been using it pretty heavily, but still, for a phone at this price point, the life should be better). Another thing I have yet to figure out is if there is a way to stream content from my phone to a TV the way iPhones can do via Apple TV. That would be very useful for presentations and I hope Nokia can work with the likes of Roku etc to make this possible. Also AT&T is still horrible, so I had my phone unlocked and moved to T-Mobile and it works really well. Overall, this is a great phone and I wish Nokia all the success. If you do purchase this phone, you will not be disappointed and will have a keeper till planned obsolescence kicks in.While it was announced two years ago the Lumia 920 remains in my opinion the best Windows Phone offered by AT&T thanks to its built-in wireless charging support (requires a wireless charger such as DT-900Nokia DT-900 Wireless Charging Plate - Retail Packaging - Black), its excellent screen with "glance" support and its great camera... and with the free upgrade to Windows Phone 8.1 one also gets an improved "swype-like" virtual keyboard. As with any other Windows Phone it comes with 15 GB of free OneDrive storage space so you can easily transfer your pictures and videos to a computer (without the need for a transfer cable). It also comes with the mobile version of MS Office so you can easily open Word or Excel documents on the go. It also works well as a standalone car GPS with free lifetime updates to the maps which you can download upfront (over Wi-Fi) so that you don't need to use your data plan. You may however want to get a car holder and a car charger for that purpose. Options include the combination CR-123Nokia 02736C7 Nokia Universal Holder CR-123 for Cell Phones - Car Mounts - Retail Packaging - Blackwith DC-17Nokia DC-17 1A Micro USB Car Charger - Original OEMor the CR-200Nokia CR-200 Wireless Charging Car Cradle Holder - Retail Packaging - Black(see also Verizon store). On the music side it comes with MixRadio which provides free music that you can also download upfront. Finally you can protect it without adding much bulk using a CC-1043 coverNokia 02733P4 CC-1043 Cover for Lumia 920 - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black, and if you find the internal battery to be to small for you, you should consider carrying a portable charger DC-19 as the internal battery cannot be swapped (see Microsoft store). Regarding pricing, since signing a 2-yr agreement AT&T means committing to spending $400 extra over two years I think it makes sense to pay full price and save money over time. Note: DataSense (an app that let you see and control which apps are using your data plan) is included with the upgrade to Windows Phone 8.1 (it was somehow not the case under Windows Phone 8).-- I have owned this phone for 1 month, and it has met all my expectations and more. We actually purchased two at the same time, and have been very pleased with both. Back in the 90's we had Nokia phones, but the last two sets were Motorolla, now it was time to give Nokia another chance, especially with Windows 8. -- So far, we have only had one glitch, and not the phone's fault. We let the phone go too low on the battery, and my wife started hitting the various buttons to get it to come back on, not realizing there was no battery power. I called ATT for assistance, and the tech was very helpful, but following the instructions, could not reset the phone. We were instructed to take it to the ATT store. We did, the store tech, said, oops, the phone support person gave you the instructions for a different phone, after a quick re-charge, he hit the three side buttons at once for 5 seconds, and the phone was back to life. All was good. -- I did learn, that some settings need to be set from ATT, where they make connection directly to the phone and make changes. I personally don't like that process, but that is the world we live in, not the fault of the phone. -- One app that already paid off, was the 'find your phone'. My wife went to an appointment using her phone as a navigator on the way home. All fine and good, but hours later, she could not find her phone. My usual procedure was to call her phone, and listen for the ring. But this time, no ringing was heard. So we called up the app on my computer, and it showed the location in our driveway. Sure enough, opened the car door and heard ringing, finally located the phone under the car seat. -- We have found the Nokia apps to be excellent, mapping and navigation is especially good. Phone calls have been crisp and clear. I tend to use mine for long business calls, hours sometimes, on speaker phone, and no problems. -- And speaking of those long calls, having the wireless re-charging pad has been great, just set the phone on the pad when power gets low, and I just continue my call. -- I have had many tell me, "don't get a windows phone", but then when questioned, they admit to never have seen one. And when they see the Nokia, I hear a lot, of "it is so fast", "image is great", etc. Turns out, it is very easy to customize the windows tiles, and get the apps and functions right up front that you use most of the time. -- And the camera, at 8mp, is better than the actual digital camera I have carried for years. The image is great, even in low light. I have tried several apps, one taking 5 shots in quick succession is great to get one good portrait. And the panorama app, really easy to use. Still more to try out. -- The usual apps to find restaurants, mapping, internet, email, are all excellent. Much more to try. We travel all the time, and being able to hit the find icon, type in the name of the place we are looking for, and getting directions practically instantly, is great. And the turn-by-turn voice instructions are easy to understand, and timely, as you hear the name of the street, just before you get there, not as you are supposed to be turning, like I have seen on other devices. -- I know the number of apps available for Win8 are far behind the others, but more are being released every day, and so far, I have found plenty to try out. My wife found Angry Birds right away, did the 99 cent download, and was happy to have something to do when waiting for me. -- And yes, you do have office apps available, I haven't done much with them yet, but they are there. Plus the usb hook-up to computers is easy and fast. There are dozens of help emails and such from Microsoft and ATT to help you get the most out of your phone, I haven't read too many yet, but do read the start-up guide, and you will be able to figure out most on your own. -- In my opinion, Nokia is back, with a great phone.I have owned iPhones since the beginning of iPhones. With the release of this Lumia phone, I had to switch because I realized that the iPhone was old technology. The Windows Phone 8 interface is by far the best interface of any smartphone on the market. The build quality of the Nokia phone is unsurpassed. The phone is simple to use, very bright, takes awesome pictures, GPS just works (on or off-line), the battery life is excellent, has awesome wireless charging, effortless to transfer all my contacts, music, etc from iTunes. The phone doesn't have hundreds of thousands of apps but I wrote down all the apps that i used with my Iphone and was able to get ALL the major apps on the new platform. I use free text messaging (text me), whats app, amazon, cnn, home depot, bloomberg, chase, ebay, flixster, delta, groupon, facebook, kayak, paypal, youtube, zillow just to name a few. I also like the fact that it comes with Microsoft Office, including OneNote, so that I can stay productive. I am in total control on this phone with the live tiles and it just intuitively works and is simple. Also, for $99 you just can't get any better. THANKS NOKIA!!Decided to copy my review from the red phone as I I ended up getting a great deal on this and bought three of them in white, blue and red (for my wife, daughter, myself). The wireless charging is amazing and works just like my electric toothbrush, just sit it on a pad (of course mine is the only one still backordered). The blue phone arrived last, red was second to arrive while white came in pretty quick but that's what my wife wanted after seeing the iPhone in white. I don't know why these are unavailable on Amazon although I have heard many stores are also sold out in one color or another. As for AT&T, I was willing to leave and go try Verizon but couldn't pass up on the deal due to my company's discounts on service PLUS I wanted this phone. My nephew also recently gave up his Iphone after many years to go buy a Lumia 920. He was able to move his music collection (from ITunes) with the app for his Mac. He considered Galaxy or Nexus as well and absolutely loves this phone. How heavy? At first I thought it was heavy when I was trying it out in the store but now I am used to it. No one in the family complaining but know that it's heavier than most smartphones. If you have trouble carrying another 30 grams or so, perhaps look into doing some pushups :). How sturdy? I also bought a case for my wife but she doesn't use it, the phone seems sturdy enough. What about the OS? As for the Windows Phone OS, I haven't noticed any showstoppers. The interface is refreshing, fast and fluid. You have to keep the phone to realize how much easier it is to integrate with Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. I haven't explored a new feature called rooms or groups but it seems interesting for a family to stay in sync with shared contacts, calendar, notes etc. almost like an electronic bulletin board. My wife is not technical so will have to see how useful this feature is or if she uses it. Will update the review on this one. As for apps, they keep coming every day and I don't feel like it's limited or what the brouhaha is. The only one I hear about is instagram but I hear its coming. Critical feature that sold me on this versus alternatives? Nokia Maps. I also considered HTC 8x but felt Nokia had more apps I wanted and I expect better support. One of the best phones I have ever owned was a Nokia and this seems solid. I would consider the 8x if the weight really bothers you but again, we are all used to it already. Quick review of AT&T stores if I may: AT&T help and knowledge of these products at the store is a hit or miss. When asked what is the difference between 920 and 820, I got, one's bigger than the other. Daaah!!! How about wireless charging built in, the awesome camera (btw pics and video on this are great and much better than my old phone and rival my canon Point and shoot), xbox integration (some of it is gimmicky but man I use it as a remote more than I thought), Nokia music. What I would have liked to see more of: FM radio but I can live without it. Nothing else comes to mind for now. If you go with an open mind with no preconceived notions (hard to do if you are a fanboy or fangirl), you'll be pleasantly surprised. To add, 12/1/2012: I wondered if the phone locks do you just wait it for it to die or is there a reset? I found out at the AT&T store (sorry if I said bad things about you before) you can press volume and power and hold for 5-10 seconds and the device resets (like ctl alt del). I now need to find a clip so I can attach it to my dash somehow for music and gps. If someone has suggestions, please fire away.I'm going to be honest, I mostly use my phone for: texting, talking and taking pictures with the occasional app usage. The camera, is fantastic. It's not the second coming of Christ but it's very good for a camera phone. I didn't think a camera was that important until my last phone's camera was terrible. Now I realize it's one of the most important features. Performance is good. Reception is good. The screen is as sharp as I could imagine would be useful at that size. Battery life yesterday was about 16 hours so no worries there. Windows Phone 8 is excellent. Everything is integrated and works well. You don't need a camera app and a facebook app etc. The one photo app brings in all of your photos from everywhere as well as integrating all of your contacts. The one downside of Windows Phone though is that the app selection isn't great. If you need that esoteric tiny app made for 10 people... Windows Phone definitely doesn't have it. The great thing about Windows Phone 8 though is that I don't find myself needing apps. The core OS experience is extremely well thought out and covers 99% of my usage. I don't have a single 3rd party app pinned to my home screen. Lastly Xbox Music is the main reason I went with Windows Phone and I highly recommend it. By far the largest music selection of the streaming options and you can also download songs for offline listening. I prefer the streaming system since I prefer to listen to a variety of music which would be prohibitively expensive to own. And the SmartDJ acts like an ad free Pandora to stream entire genres.I am a early adopter of this phone. Before att released the phone, i bought developer edition off ebay, though It was very expensive on ebay. My first impression on the hardware was WOW. The build quality had exceeded my expectations.I had used almost all generations of iphones including Iphone 5. But being bored with same interface i changed to lumia 900 and then to lumia 920. though hardware on lumia 920 exceeded my expectations, but not windows 8. All windows 8 previews has exaggerated the features. In real life there are very few in windows 8 which are useful. Regarding apps, the stock is low ,it has to come up with more. Before buying i know all this but wanted to try it any way. Low light photography is great. NFC is not that useful as of now. Regarding the gorilla glass 2, i watched all videos on youtube where user scratched the phone with knife,keys and hammer. But a simple rub (accidental) of phone on my hard floor made scratches on the phone screen. I was disappointed on this. But i installed screen protector which has hidden most scratches . Any way I still recommend the phone.I upgraded from a Black Nokia Lumia 900 to the Red Lumia 920. I knew that the limitations of the camera, resolution display, HD video on my Lumia 900 were due to WP7.5. Those limitations are gone with WP8 and Nokia beautifully takes advantage of the new OS. The pictures and video are cystal clear, with natural colors and lighting. The larger 4.5 screen makes it easier for reading and surfing the internet. The screen is so clear with sharp display of words and pictures, the smooth gorilla glass top is virtually smudge resistant. This is a feature I truly appreciate compare to other phones I have used including the Lumia 900. The solid build quality of the Lumia 920 makes it unbreakable when falling from your hand on to a cement sidewalk, some of you may have seen the you tube video of the Nokia Lumia used to hammer a nail into a piece of wood, this is truly a durable phone. Critics will say the Lumia 920 is heavy, but fail to elaborate as to why Lumia 920 is heavy and the benefits. Well, it is heavier than other phones and here are the benefits, includes a larger battery that last 3 hours longer than other phones, solidly built so that you do not need to buy an armored cover to protect fragile phones, no need to carry an extra battery or charger. Other phones come in only Black or Grey, because they are covered by their owners to protect their fragile phones, this renders the benefits of lightness and thinness of other phones over Lumia 920 to meaningless. The beautifully designed red Lumia does not need to be covered and I am so grateful, because I get a lot of remarks on the color and questions as to who makes my phone. The Lumia 920 will certainly attract attention. There are so many wonderful feature on the Nokia Lumia 920 with WP8 that I could write a small book. I recommend you get your hands on a Nokia Lumia 920 to see for yourself what a great phone this is. You can then come to Amazon.com and order it. I use my phone constantly to check my many email accounts, real time Stock/Option quotes, surfing web, sports updates, social media, playing chess, texting, Excel and Word, weather reports, transit directions, turn by turn voice navigation, my camera and video recorder, exercise app, etc, yes I also make phone calls. My wife had an Iphone and wanted to buy a Nikon camera, I show her that by getting a Nokia Lumia 920 she did not need to buy a camera. After showing her the pictures and videos on my Lumia 920 she agreed to get a cyan Lumia 920. She said "I used to buy a new cover for my Iphone every couple of months, but I am not going to cover this phone, it is too pretty". Try the phone for yourself before deciding, you will not regret it!As someone that works in this industry I can tell you I have carried every phone out there and every OS. They all have there advantages and disadvantages. I personally love the Nokia Lumia line I carried the 900 which was a good phone but Nokia made huge improvement with this second generation as did Microsoft with the 8 OS. The camera is great every bit as good as the iPhone 5 and I use my xbox so the extensions for xbox music and the xbox glass app is really great and pretty cool. Tap and share NFC is awesome. Rooms for my fellow peers is a great app built into the OS and to sync up and share calendar events pics docs I cant tell you how that saves time and very convenient. Nokia Music is a great service for free and being able to save the music is just amazing nobody does that very unique service and Nokia Drive is the only GPS that after you download the map you need no network coverage to use the service and it is global too. If you like the customization of Android but the closed garden of apps that provide security and fluidity between devices Windows 8 is for you and you definitely should buy this phone.The Lumia 920 is downright epic. The screen is beautiful, and you'll definitely start to see the pixels when reading on other screens (aside from one of Apple's 'Retina' screens, of course, which pack in the pixels similarly.) The camera is fantastic in bright or low light, and by default it takes slightly wide-angle 16:9 shots which have a unique look, or you can select 4:3, or crop the images to any dimensions you like after the fact, and there are Nokia apps integrated into camera experience that do panorama & other composed content. Although the phone seems heavy initially it's definitely sturdy enough not to need a case (this is no glass-on-two-sides hardware.) Caseless it's quite comparable to the rest of the cased-field, and the color and quality of the device is nicer than any case I can afford. I prefer the matte finish cyan/black to the gloss finish red/yellow/white because the matte texture feels softer, like suede... the gloss texture feels like glass. Battery life seemed herky-jerky at first (it'd stick at 100%, then the phone would heat up during active use and burn off 10% chunks in matter of minutes, and then it'd hold out at 30% overnight), but it seems to have mellowed out after a week. I don't worry about it much given a year's experience with Windows Phone 7's "battery saver." If you ever do go on a cable-free bender with the phone and burn it down to 20%, this will keep the phone alive for calls & on-demand use for a good number of hours. The browser (IE 10) is worth mentioning. I do a lot of web reading on the phone and because of this browser & the screen size/resolution I can recommend no other phone as good for this as the 920. It is FAST, and the primary button shown in the browser can be changed to fit how you like to navigate between pages. You can set it to open webpages in new tabs instead of trying to maintain tabs which allows you to queue up several paths to read down easily. And you can pin pages straight to the home screen, a la iPhone/iPad. Finally, the "Kid's Corner" is a nice way to keep your kids away from emails, OneNotes, and such if you allow them to play games or use other apps on your phone. They can even pick a color & lock screen of their own. It's not quite as good as Window 8's user accounts, but it suffices.First things first - I have been using iPhone for many years now and was looking for a refresher which came in the form of Nokia Lumina 920 that has Windows 8. Initially I was not sure about this phone, but after some research about its features/platform and reading some good number of reviews, I decided to go with this. It has been a close to a month now and the phone never disappointed me speed/functionality-wise. Features that stood out for me (when compared to iPhone) - Nokia Drive: Built in GPS & works offline - Great!!! - Nokia Maps - Just great!!..Very much comparable to Google Maps - Office app - Word, XL & powerpoint = - 8 MP camera: This phone has a great camera, specially the lenses that you could use: Panaroma, Night mode, sports mode and group mode. I have used all these lensed and the photos came out just great. - Windows 8 - The platform is refreshing. I only selected the apps that I want and posted them on the home screen. (There are some few apps such as Chrome & Vonage) that I had in my iPhone, but these are not show stoppers- IE10 on the phone works great too. I found all the apps such as Youtube, FB, email, Netflix, Amazon, all bank apps, news related apps etc..that I needed on Windows 8.(and I see more apps being added each day...but I doubt if I will ever need them) The only shortcoming is the battery - The phone need to be charged daily even with less use. The phone just sucks the power out. Not a big deal if you carry a charging cable and also have a car charger. Overall, I would recommend this to people looking for a refreshing smart phone experience.I spent a long time researching the latest crop of smartphones when my contract ended and I am very happy with my Lumia 920. This phone is a bit thicker and weighs a bit more than alot of the competitors, but I like it. It feels very solid and well made. Originally I was going to wait for the new htc one, but the more I read about the Lumia 920 the more intrigued I was. Alot of tech sites mention that if you want an easy to understand, streamlined experience, the Lumia 920 is a good choice. They then go on to say that there is little customization though. I find that to be completely untrue. The entire start screen can be 100% customized. You can pin anything you want to the start screen and you can change the size of the tiles to 3 different choices. You can also choose themes and colors. On the iphone and android smartphones you are stuck with the same old icons lined up on your screen. The UI on the windows 8 phones is also so much slicker than android and ios. Screens don't just slide up/down, left/right...they slam up against the screen in various ways. The start screen seems to slam into the gorilla glass from far away on the left, kinda swooping up on the glass...you have to see it to appreciate it. I love the entire ui because it's so different, yet so intuitive and appealing. People who say they don't like windows phones probably have not spent very much time with one. Trust me, the Lumia 920 and windows 8 phone are fantastic. You will not be disappointed.The Nokia Lumia 920 is a great phone. I only have one regret with it, but the phone itself can't be blamed. I have to carry a Blackberry for work so I have been avoiding wasting money on a personal phone for years. I have a Samsung Galaxy media player that I really like and have been using for a while. It is only WIFI though and I find myself constantly tying to find hotspots and wishing I could regularly use some of the features. For Christmas my wife convinced me to go ahead and get a Smartphone. I also have an IPAD2 for work and an Android tablet for home, so I am well versed in all of the operating systems out there. With that said I had been looking at the Windows phones for a while and really liked the look so I broke down and got one. I couldn't be happier, of course that will probably change once the monthly bill starts coming in. First the phone itself. I love it! It is solid and responsive. It operates extremely quickly. It feels comfortable in my hands. It has a great camera, 8.7 megapixels, and has Image stabilization for low light shots. That fact and the Carl Zeiss lens were huge selling points for me. I am a professional photographer and one of the things I was looking forward to is not having to carry my hug camera around all of the time when I was just out running around with the family and wanted to do some happy snaps. Being a photographer it is tough to judge the camera because I know what it would look like if I shot it with my pro gear, but I will tell you it is pretty good. As good as if not better than most point and shoots cameras out there. You can even make manual exposure adjustments; change the ISO and white balance. The best part is the ability to edit it right on the phone with the software and instantly upload it to FB. It all worked like a charm. The 4G seems to work quickly. I try to use it on WIFI most of the time though, but it is great to now have the Internet access no matter where I am. It helps me keep up with the Metro trains so I get there on time instead of just missing a train and having to wait forever. The screen is beautiful. Movies and photos look great on it. I can't imagine needing anything else on a small phone. I can watch HD movies and they look and sound great. 32 GB's of memory and you can use the cloud drive. Battery life is pretty good. No Smartphone is great but this one meets my needs with no issues. I have only been close to dead before the end of the day once and I have been playing with it a lot. The one time it ran extremely low was when I was running GPS. It eats the battery pretty bad. I took a three hour round trip using it both ways and it was at critical level by 11:00 that night. That is easily solved though by having a charger in the car. In full disclosure I turn off the wifi and 4G when I know I am not going to be connecting to the Internet so it isn't draining the battery for no reason. It charges wirelessly. I really thought it was kind of a gimmick and a waste until I started using it. I love it. You just place the phone down and done. It seems lazy and stupid, but trust me after a couple days you will never plug it in again nor will you want too. Video shoots in either 720 or 1080P. Best part of the hardware is the price. Amazon has it for $39.99 with activation. On to Windows. I love it! Yes it may not be as fully customizable as Android, but I am willing to bet most people out there have no idea how to or even attempt to fully customize their phones. It is absolutely customizable though. You can add favorite photos that will be used as backgrounds, you can change the appearance of your tiles in size and color, and you can align everything where you want it placed. It is extremely easy to do. The live tiles are great. You will see the actual text messages without even opening the app. Your contacts sync with Facebook and display their facebook profile on the tile. The weather will show you the current temp and condition without even opening the app. It works great. Yes there are widgets in Android, but the Windows phone is easier to use and setup. It integrates fully with Office and comes already installed. There are a ton of apps with more coming. Anything you can do on an Android or Iphone you can do on this. Are all the apps the same, no, but they are there. This includes many that are better. Nokia provides you with an actual GPS navigation app that you can download the maps you need for the state or "country" you want ahead of time on a wifi network so that you are not using your data plan up on navigation. It is fully customizable too for walking and driving and fastest/shortest routes and others. I just wish it actually said the street names like my Garmin, but maybe they will fix that in an update. It does display the street names though. Nokia has a ton of other great apps for it as well. The photo editing apps work well and it has a great Nokia Music app. It also has Nokia City Lens that you can hold the phone up and it will show you everything that is around you like food and shopping and provide phone numbers, directions, and reviews. It is great if you are in a new area and just out hunting for something around you which I love to do a lot. There are a ton more. Overall I absolutely love the look and feel of Windows phone 8. I really think they got it right. It is extremely simple to navigate and set up. You can make it look however you want. All of the function work well. The phone integrates with it perfectly. As I said I have an IPad 2 so I know the Iphone functions and I have the Galaxy player, which is the exact same thing as the Galaxy phones, so I know the Android functions. I completely prefer Windows. I know there are a lot of haters out there who will be little these phones simply because they hate Windows and will never even touch one to give it a fair comparison. They have to have their IPhone so that they can be trendy not even understanding why. I guarantee if they try Android and especially Windows and give it a true honest test they will be totally happy. Just maybe not feel as popular. Now there was one negative with the phone. Now the bad; it is on AT&T. I rarely ever get a full signal especially indoors. I am in an apartment only maybe 25 feet from my huge windows in a huge city and I don't get a full signal. With that said it has gone from three to four bars the last couple days. Still I run into limited signal strength at times where my wife on T-Mobiles Wal-Mart branded "Family Talk" plan gets a strong signal. AT&T supposedly has the faster Internet network though. That I can't verify because my wife's phone is still 3G. I probably should have bought the phone outright and taken it to another network, but it does work and I may have a low signal, but I still usually have one. I am also told AT&T is building heavily onto their network infrastructure and in soon it will be extremely strong and reliable. Call quality is good, but I haven't used it enough yet to make a judgment on dropped calls. None as of now. The other absolute minimal issue is the size. Some may find this an issue I don't at all. The phone feels absolutely solid. I like the fact it has a little weight to it. The HTC 8X just feels to light to me and a little flimsy. Now for a female maybe that will be a bigger issue, but I am not sure about that either because my wife preferred the size and feel of the 920 too. It is a solid tank. After only have it a day I was doing some video and the thing shot out of my hand and bounced down a couple cement steps without hardly a scratch on it. You would have to look hard to see where it initially hit the ground. I have the same confidence in its build that I do in my blackberry. The last item I would HIGHLY recommend a case for it. It needs a little grip. It is too slick hence the flying out of my hands, but that is a non issue. You can find a case that adds almost no size onto it. You won't need an insane heavy duty one because the phone is so well built. Conclusion: This is an absolutely great phone and operating system that I give 5+ stars too. I can't quit playing with it. The bottom line is if you can care less about how you look and simply want a well functioning phone that is a blast to use, has great and useful apps, and is extremely easy to set up and use then go with a Windows 8 phone you won't regret it.I got my Red Nokia 920 a while ago. Man its out of this world. I had a Samsung Android before this and an Iphone 3GS before that. I actually wanted to buy a Samsung Note 2 but... I have to say that my previous phones were not bad and I didn't have any major problems with them but they are dwarfed in comparison to this beast. The feel of this phone is different-it feels like a luxury item. Its heavier than Iphone and other android phones but I believe the weight is optimal for a phone of this class- if it were any lighter, it would not feel as good. The colors, edges, the back curve and contour of the screen are all amazing. The buttons on side could not be built any better. The tiny holes for the speakers are nicely done. In short, I am a big fan of the design and look it has. If I ever get time, I want to write a long article describing the amazing design.. It works really well. The core OS and UI is cool. I themed the phone with dark back ground and red colors for the screen and it looks cool. It was like matching the interior of a car to its outside color. The tiles are good. I am not a big fan of live tiles but some people may like it. The screen responsiveness and resolution is awesome. It works with gloves! UI is very simple and easy to learn-took me few minutes to get used to it. The camera is really good. The wireless charging works seamlessly. (Didn't try NFC with speaker as dont have one). I did have low battery economy initially but after decreasing the screen brightness, turning off location service and turning off back-ground apps, It lasts whole day (my day is 14 hours) without a recharge. ATT does not give you the headphones with this buy but i learned that the international version had headphones in the box.. The ecosystem (apps) is not as bad as I initially thought. I was able to find all the apps that I wanted (depending upon my android use) except one medical app which doctors use a lot (but was able to find a replacement). [...] was helpful to find the apps that I had difficulty searching in the market store. Having said that, I believe that the app store does need and will get a good boost in coming months. Nokia has done great work with some of its core apps. I greatly liked the Nokia music (can be used off-line and is ad free), Drive for navigation (again, can be used off-line), photoBeamer (its cool and seems to be a start of a new way of sharing data, please try it), Data-transfer, CityLens. To Summarize: Pros: Design/built/Colors, screen responsiveness/resolution , camera, Nokia city-lens, nokia drive, nokia music, wireless charging, smooth UI Cons: No headphones if you get this from ATT, Not as many apps (in comparison to other IOS and android markets) I think this phone is a new milestone in the evolution of smart-phones. Kudos to Nokia!!!So, I got on the iPhone bandwagon the day after Christmas 2009; I remember this so vividly because my mother upon seeing me pull an old ratty tiny (non-smart-phone) from my pocket was in shock. She asked if that was my cell-phone to which I boldly answered "YES"... Her next statement had me laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes; "don't you ever let a woman see you take that phone out of your' pocket, it does not fit your' life-style". My parents are the LEAST tech savvy people possibly on earth.., well close to it. So I figured if my mother thought that way about my phone I better do something about it, so off I went to the Apple store as I already owned a Mac Mini (now I own 2 Mac Minis). So here we are in 2012 and I am the owner of an iPhone 3GS an Apple Magic Mouse and Track-pad and 2 Mac Minis along with a Kindle Fire (2011 version) and a first gen iPad 32gb/wifi. I like Apple products if it is not apparent. My 3GS is a bit long in the tooth (I know), but honestly I didn't see anything in the 4 or 4S that would make me want to part with cash or own it. Facetime...don't care; Siri, Perhaps it would have been fun to play around with and I may have even found it helpful. I decided to await the iPhone 5, surely it would be something to become excited about. So I go check it out and I am not the least bit impressed, well, that is not entirely true I think the build quality is great but the interface simply looks like more of the same thing I have lived with since 2009. Faster yes, sharper image yes but I mean come on... to quote Al Pacino (movie: HEAT)... "GIVE ME ALL YA GOT"!!!!. My 3GS was never painfully slow anyway. So the choice was the Galaxy S3, the Lumia 920 or the iPhone 5. I chose the Lumia and boy was I nervous about that choice. As I stated my iPhone simply works and does a good job at that. But I was yearning for a newer GUI (graphical user interface) experience and the 920 with W8 delivers impressively. I love the live tiles and the way the latest information is delivered automatically and all I have to do is glance at the phone to see said information. I read a review where a pundit wrote about why the iPhone is better without NFC and wireless charging. I found it to be complete bunk... his and others thinking suggest that you're still tethered because the phone had to be placed on the charging pad so whats the point of wireless charging. Well guess what; I always use a Bluetooth for talking (Jawbone ERA or B&O EAR 2). I love the fact that when I arrive home I can just set the phone on my nightstand (on the charging pad) and walk away.., Bluetooth still in ear as always, only now I'm not fumbling with tiny connectors. Say what you will but between multiple Bluetooth units, Kindle Fires and an iPad one less device to plug in is welcome in my home and on my desk at work. I love how the author of that review tried to spin missing feature into a "+", please! Now as for NFC, true it is not ubiquitous but I have seen it popping up in my neck of the woods (Chicago) so why not? The battery on this unit is herculean and I have noted that by the time I arrive home from work (typically leave the house a 6:30am and return around 6:30pm) the phone is still at least half full and that is even if I don't charge it through the day. Bottom line: Apple makes great products and I own some of them and may even buy a Mac Book Pro (retina) but I see no real innovation with the iPhone 5 and so I passed it over. My former 3GS is now used as a remote control and for my music when at the gym and I can still use most of the apps I purchased where I have a WiFi connection (I have a Clear Hotspot). The Lumia 920 at this point is the best phone I have ever owned (eliciting excitement reminiscent of the iPhone when I first purchased it 3 years ago). And yes... I have used the 4S phone multiple times (friends own it) but again, save for a few things I saw nothing that made it desirable in fact I thought the restyling to a rectangular brick was lacking imagination and a step back from the original iPhone. Not saying I wouldn't go back to the iPhone but they need to step it up. I am a software consultant developing for Windows and iPhone. Either way you can not go wrong; I think they are both top products but for me the styling, NFC, wireless charging and Live Tiles sealed the deal. Thanks for reading!Let me first start by saying, I've used all the different major phone OS' (Android, IOS)for extended periods of time as a heavy user and now Windows 8 Phone. This phone is AMAZING, 5/5! but it may not be for everyone. But it's pretty dang close to it. Each person has their own preference on the OS/Brand(s). Android with overlays such as TouchWiz, Sense, Mytouch, and the Pure Un-adultered Nexus/Google experience. Than there's Apple's IOS with it's "mac-like" experience. Lastly there's Windows Phone, Microsoft's long push into the Smartphone market that functions similarly to Windows 8 on desktop. Windows Phone 8 OS: Strength #1: Seamless Syncing with Skydrive for ANY content between your W8 Devices. Strength #2: Smooth, Smooth Smooth! I've never used an OS so quick, fluid, and seamless. 920's screen also is the first phone with 60FPS(frames per second, how fast the screen refreshes when scrolling or moving between different apps) for the screen. No Screen blurring or smudging..EVER. Strength #3: Business. Office, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, PDF, etc. Strength #4: All apps are streamlined with the OS. You won't see an app that doesn't Feel like WP. (My major critisism of android; it's Too diverse in it's apps, in quality, design, and functionality. I'm personally sick of my apps on android not working how they should, and having to sort through tons of others that MIGHT work accordingly.) Strength #5: Windows has great support for updates and fixes. I've yet to see ANYONE complain about their windows phone becoming slower or having issues because of this, yet I hear it day in and day out with android. Android reqs far too much memory to run all their background apps and the excessive new features they add with every update and make you feel like you require a quad-core phone. Ridiculous. My Android phones ALWAYS get worse with an update. (Reminds me of OLD windows; works fine? Don't fix it. Main reason why this is a problem for android: Samsung, htc, motorola; all of them like to throw their own OS Theme ontop of android bogging it down and making it harder to near impossible for them to keep up with the updates coming out; aka: the interface and the design suffers and so does the end user; if you want android please buy a nexus; don't deal with the BS of the manufacturer's.) There are more strengths but I think I covered the major ones. Now here's the one two weakness' of Windows phone that may or may not set you on your way. Weakness #1: APPs. Just like advertised there are not as many apps as more hardened OS out there. *However all the major essentials are there; news apps, maps, gps, trailers, office, Internet Explorer 10 which can run the Desktop Versions VERY Seamlessly. (Auto screen calibration for size, WP type interface, etc.) THE main reason for this is because it hasn't garnered as much attention as the other OS till now. Some Business' are flat out ignoring the users to build an actual app for it. W8 is a huge push for microsoft since with the actual new W8 OS for desktop and with everything coming into fruition with cloud services everything will be synced together and it'll be a true ecosystem. Microsoft has the biggest lead with this over any other Company. Mainly because of Xbox. Xbox is Microsoft's key to success for a "W8/Xbox Home." with W8 Desktop, W8 Phone, W8 Surface/Tablets, and W8 XBOX. [WORK(office), COMMUTE(skydrive), PEOPLE(skype,facebook,email, etc. All goes into my Text messaging folder and I can reply to all of them in one interface easily. I'm in love with that. It's a big deal., ENTERTAINMENT (xboxlive, youtube, xboxmusic/xboxmovies,netflix etc. it's all there.] Microsoft Has You Covered. I didn't have high hopes for Windows 7 or anything before w8, but I've always seen the potential and they're in a major shift in how they do their business and I'm sure if they proceed the same way as they're doing , w8 and all their devices will be a major success. It just takes some adoption. Cause face it; if you want a true Seamless ecosystem. Microsoft is the only company who can truely deliver that to you in the next couple years. * Weakness #2: It's not nearly as customizable as android. No live wallpapers, (Live tiles instead with actual information however which is very practical rather than just static icons which was actually one major reason why I made the "Switch".) You can change the colors to suit your mood or style/preference/whatever, that's all I really care about. And if someone picks up your WP and sees the screen they can tell in a sense who you are. You have Office, Facebook, and ... whatever else on your main live tiles. Ok so you can than assume that person is yadaydyada. Same as you would an android in a sense if you see their live wallpapers and widgets and main apps. Like any other phone it's in a sense an extension of yourself and this and can be felt with windows phone as well as any of the other OS out there. (w7 didn't garner my interest until than, having 4 smaller apps is the same as android or ios , 4 apps per row, perfect for an actual phone for thumb reach, etc. Bigger ones for widgets, or whatever else, it works, just as how i'd want a phone to work. *5/5*. Now with the main specs: CAM: 8.7MEGAPIXELS WITH OIS - FLOATING LENS IMAGE STABILIZATION (There's no camera better, even the upcoming sony model with 13mp couldn't beat this beaut) This is the main differentiator for the 920. Processor: 1.5GHZ Dualcore - Snapdragon S4 Plus MSM8960. [For android users: If you need more than a dual core to run a phone smoothly/efficiently for multi-tasking, I'm sorry your battery life will suffer as WP has no hickups as many of my previous android "High-ends", and I've yet to have any of my apps freeze or crash on me] It just works. Ram: 1GB [1gb is more than anyone would ever need for a phone; I so far have run 6 apps running simultaneously with that with no lag or issues and little battery drain when doing so] "HardDrive": The Lumia 920 sports a 32gb of onboard memory space for music, songs, apps, etc. About 2gb will be used up from the OS itself it seems. 32gb is A lot. 99% of users will never need more than that. Bluetooth: 3.0 (Although I heard a firmware update could update it to 4.0, but not too sure on that) NFC: Yes. (Near Field Communication) All of the newer high end models should and will be taking advantage of this relatively new technology. (Japan's been using it for years for Everything. Card payments, forms of ID, checking into locations, sharing content easily, etc. etc. etc. U.S. is just an emerging market so give it a couple years to take off) Wireless Charging: YES! This is a feature you may not see as majorly important but once you get used to it the convenience is amazing. I've adapted one of nokias plates to a car mount, and I use bluetooth to stream music while using the Nokia Drive GPS. The Wireless plates or QI Certified so any other wirelessly certified charging device from now into the future should be compatible with it. The pads/stands needed etc. won't just go to waste once you upgrade your phone in 2 years. Sweet! *Oh only downside with wireless charging is it that it doesn't allow for Hard-Wiring into a computer or other device. So you'll still want to use a micro-usb for transfering a lot of content to and from your phone if you choose not to use sky-drive. [Future versions of plates Should be able to get this built in; however many apps for streaming content are and will be more widely available to different devices making hard-wiring a near-dead feature besides having One for your main Desktop or PC.* DLNA: Yes. (Like stated above, this is for streaming content directly to other devices like photos, videos to a smart tv compatible with dlna or a computer) Music: Equalized by nokia built in, and it's ITUNES compatible. You download a WP program when hooking up your phone to your CPU, it downloads it for free where it'll pull all or any of the selected itunes media into the WP program. It's extremely easy, quick, and painless! Screen: 4.5' inches Resolution: 768 x 1280 - 332 ppi (yours eyes can't perceive past 300, so it's a "Retina") Type: IPS LCD - PUREBLACK technology. The blacks are true blacks, not grayed out like similiar LCD screens like HTC. I could be deceived into thinking its one of samsungs Super Amoled Screens but that it doesn't distort the colors. (blue-tones added ontop of all images for Samoled but not lcd) Outside: ok YUP, best phone I've ever used outside. Can see it easily even on the lowest settings, no glares or issues. Awesome! Dmg: Scratch Resistant, gorilla glass 2. However it can still be scratched! It's still glass. Get a screen protector or a Lipped-Case (makes it so the screen doesn't lay flat on surfaces). I received a tiny tiny scratch that I have no idea how it got there 3 days after use but if angled right you could see it but not at all during use. But I'm a perfectionist so this kind've surprised me. But I just put a Armor Shield screen on it cause the InvisiShield brand feels too "Clingy" to your fingers unlike armor which feels like almost like the screen itself and with it on the scratch isn't noticeable whatsoever, armor shield appears to have the same durability and resilience if not better than the invisi-Shield brand. BATTERY!: Standby time is ... like any other phone i've used; and microsoft is apparently getting started on working on making a Sleep Mode for their W8phones. When screen is off ONLY the major apps like text, calls, will go through and whatever else youd want to customize. As of right now it still will give you email updates, calls, texts, news updates if youd like etc. 2 days of Standby Time with some calls and texts here or there. Battery Heavy User: I work with phones and I'm constantly showing them off various OS and phones to consumers including my own 920 for WP8. Apps, movies, games, etc. I get about 10-12 hours of heavy useage. My htc rezound with an extended battery would give me 2-4HR with a new battery and if lucky. And... For people concerned about the Confined Chassis. It's not Impossible to remote to exchange a battery down the road. There's 2 screws you take out so you can peel off the back and than you have to just remove a few of the connectors that pop right off with the right tools. (Find youtube videos on it; a basic battery replacement should be fairly easy) Anyways.... I hope you enjoy your Lumia 920. or any other WP that you decide to get. (Their speeds and performance will be nearly identical; the only differences will be Camera, Screen size and resolutions, battery mah, weight, colors, etc.) Oh.... I can actually teach my technology Illiterate family how to operate a WP easily without having to show them, they love it as well. And we all stay in even better contact than before due to all the integrations between skype,facebook, messaging, etc. into one messaging inbox. ^_^tl;dr at end I come originally from an Android background. Until recently, it was my only experience with a smartphone. I wanted something more reliable, less app force-closes, better build quality. I was fine with the smaller app market. All I do with my phone is browse the web ,(mostly p**n), listen to music, driving navigation, and read books. You don't need millions of apps to accomplish that. When the Lumia 920 came out, I knew it would be my next phone. It had everything I wanted, there was great videos on youtube of people TORTURING this thing and it coming out relatively unscathed. Great! When my existing contract went out, I grabbed one. The Lumia 920 lived up to all my expecations. I loved the feel of it in my hand. I loved the gorgeous screen and silky animations, the rock solid stability of apps and the long battery life while not sacrificing 4g. Today I dropped my phone from 2 feet off a desk. It slipped from my hand. The smooth texture of the yellow phone probably didn't help in this matter. I'm aware that black and cyan are a textured finish, but I wanted yellow, dangit. The screen was absolutely DESTROYED. This phone is less than a month old. I am also disappointed in other aspects of of the build quality in this phone. I'm in the military, and not always in the cleanest environments. I keep the phone carefully in my pocket with no other objects and never lay it on its screen. Nevertheless, it had picked up several scratches on the screen visible by angling it in good light. Of course I can't see them anymore, since there are so many cracks and fissures on the screen. I am not always in a spotless environment, and by resting the phone on desks or tables with small amounts of dirt, the plastic casing has manged to pick up pock mark holes all over. I have two larger areas with deeper scratches, from what, I don't know. The Lumia 920 was an absolute joy for me to use. I am now deeply disappointed in the build quality and will not be replacing it with another. In a bitter kind of way, I half believe that Nokia initially released a higher quality Lumia 920, and it was eventually ramped down to the fragile blossom of a phone that I am now stuck with. tl;dr If there are any people out there considering this phone, please just take this away from my misfortune. The build quality is NOT BETTER than any other average smartphone out there. Don't consider this as a point in the Lumia 920s favor when shopping for your next phone that you want to keep for 2 years. Other reviews similar to mine are NOT an outlier and it COULD happen to you. Please buy yourself a case or insurance or just get a better quality phone.I got lumia 920 from ATT STORE. on the day of launch. I had lumia 900 which I returned because i never liked it. but its past. PROS: Camera -- The best in the class way too good for a smartphone. Battery -- Compared to any android phone till date (11/28/12) except Galaxy Note 2 its a excellent goes for 30 hours for me after some browsing some games and videos. (here is the trick , recycle the battery atleast 3-4 times ) when i bought the phone , used it for a day ... kept a movie on netflix/youtube even if you do not watch for 1.5 hours let it completely die then recharge fully... do this atleast 3-4 times and see the results it will be great) GUI is slick. -inbuilt Bing search is very accurate for searching places and stuff but web and shopping i doubt i got weird results. User experience is wonderful overall and I am loving this phone. CONS: APPS it doesn;t matter how many but how well they are made. Browsing experience sometimes is not very great like iphone .. tried couple of sites like dominos.com. news.google.com , staples.com, bestbuy on both iphone and lumia and I was amazed how stupid can Microsoft be. But may be a patch will make it better. Overall I was bored with same android and iphones kind of phones all the times. this is fresh and great. I wanted to buy yellow but :( was not available. If you ask me.. Buy itI went with WP8 and the Nokia 920 after having iPhones 3 and 4. I like the current universal Windows interface Microsoft is adopting across devices. The WP8 OS is still a bit rough in places - in the same way that the iPhone didn't start out with having any sort of folder/group concept for organizing apps. The phone is a great phone - I agree with the other reviewers about call quality, etc. I use it with a Bluetooth headset and I can say that this is the first phone/headset combo that has been consistently satisfactory for both myself and those with whom I'm speaking. (The headset is the LG HBS-730 - I would give it 5 stars as well.) The one complaint I have about the phone is that it doesn't seem to support standard pause/wait codes when dialing (so you can't program in a complete string of digits to connect you to a conference call). I am sure they will get there, the iphone didn't have it when I switched over from my blackberry, and it irritated me then too. Returning to the phone - beyond it being a solid phone the notable pros for me: 1) Great camera - they need to smooth out the way plug-in "lenses" are handled, but in general it takes very high quality photos. I can only imagine what the 1020 will do, but I am not a huge photo guy, for me it is a suitable replacement for a dedicated digital camera other than its lack of true zoom. 2) Well-integrated with Microsoft everything - I use Outlook & Exchange for email, contacts, etc; I use Skydrive for document storage; I have an Xbox; I use Office for productivity apps. The phone is a very good extension of all of those systems. It all just works. 3) Windows Phone 8 OS - this is somewhat part of #2, but I really do like the OS overall. As mentioned, it does need a few additions. 4) Bing integration - the Bing search integration is great. You can Bing translate trivially with the camera, the basic Bing search also has Shazam-like song detection right there (no need for another app) and likewise handles QR and barcodes automatically. 5) Built-in inductive charging. Plugging in a phone is sort of a bother. I have an inductive charging stand on my desk. Makes it easier to keep the phone charged, which is good, because if you want to run a screen this size at high brightness (which is perfectly readable in even the brightest sunlight), it does kind of chew through the battery. There is also no real need to ever plug the phone in for synching - I have found everything can be done wirelessly. 6) The screen - easy to take for granted now that I've had it a while, but it is very good, and being in Minnesota, I know I will appreciate the ability to use the touchscreen with gloves. About the apps - yes, it will ne nice to see the app ecosystem grow, but in the same way that megapixel don't tell the whole story of the camera, I don't think app counts alone tell the story. One thing is that as mentioned earlier, some apps are made unnecessary by built-in functionality; make sure you look at the built-in functionality first before you clutter up your phone with an unneeded app. There are admittedly some notable missing items write now, but with the exception of Amazon Cloud Player most of what I personally use is available on the phone. I am a 40-something tech/business guy I'm not doing anything with (e.g.) Instagram. The Flickr app works fine although hasn't been updated to the WP8 UI look and feel. When I flip through the apps on my last iPhone and consider whether the functionality is covered between with the OS or available apps, I am fairly happy. There's a Delta app, LastPass, Evernote (although I use OneNote more than Evernote), Fandango. My main financial institution has a solid app for it. And obviously I didn't need to buy a special app to view Office documents. While I am not a big social network person at all, the way they have integrated LinkedIn and Facebook is quite nice. I could go on, but in general this has been a great phone for me. It is good-sized though. When I pick up an iphone now it feels tiny - and almost dainty. The 920 does have a very solid feel to it, and although it has had a couple of drops, the case and screen are completely unblemished after two or three months of use now.I love the Windows 8 OS and much has been said about it in previous reviews, but what I am struck with is just how much money you can save by owning the Lumia 920 The camera is excellent so you can sell your shoot and snap camera. The video is really clear and very stable, so no need for a video camera anymore unless you are buying a high end one. The offline GPS does not use any data from your plan so you can get rid of your Sat Nav. I don't need my sports GPS watch anymore for jogging. Nokia music has loads of free music so you can ditch your Spotify subscription. I have the Xbox music subscription that syncs seamlessly with my laptop and Xbox, so I am saving loads of money on buying CD's. I'm using Kik Messenger for sending all my photos to friends rather than sending them via text. I don't have kids, but all my friends have stories of kids spending money in the apps stores on their phones, now with Kids Corner that will not be possible. Not to mention all the apps I can find deals locally on and have them show up straight to my home page live tiles. Nokia regularly have apps that are free only to their phones. You can use the phone wearing gloves so you don't need to spend money on special conductive gloves in the winter. There's probably more that I have forgotten too. I am a huge fan of the Nokia Lumia 920 Edit note: I have corrected a couple of auto correction spelling errorsBeing a 10+ year Sprint customer I've long since been in the underbelly of the hardware world for phones. Having gone full circle from Nokia's old 1000 series through Palm products (even the Pre) and then settling with the HTC Arrive when it debuted. I've used Apple Products (iPods, iPads, iPhones) and I've experienced Android products through coworkers and friends. I can safely say that not only is the Nokia Lumia 920 the best phone I've ever used, Windows Phone 8 is the best operating system I've ever used. The two work stunningly well together. The progress shown by Microsoft since WP7 was released gives me great hope for the future, the OS is brilliant and the 920 takes full advantage of everything WP8 offers with a massive screen real estate shown on the best screen I've ever seen (and felt, it even has a different feel than most products, very smooth glide). To anyone capable of taking the plunge, you will not regret it. A short review of the phone and my recommendations/experience with it... Don't be worried about its initial battery life, I panicked when I killed the phone's 2/3 of a battery in an hour when I received it. But after setting it up, tweaking the settings to optimize battery (turned off NFC, Bluetooth, dimmed screen, blocked Nokia Drive from running in the background amongst the main changes... I did leave on all of the backup utilities and location services) I'm sitting here typing a review from a phone with 99% battery after 3.5 hours from when I left (visiting Facebook, texting and making a call since then) and with another 25 hours of estimated life left (take this with a grain of salt until the software has at least 2 weeks of data to make a guess from). **Update** With the latest update from Microsoft/Nokia, the phone's battery has now been further extended. I can listen to music all day at work from start until finish while on wifi and get home with 50% of my battery left. Some people report as much as 3x the battery life, I've seen a modest 5 hours added to my day. Expect to take more pictures now that you have a phone that can not only quickly take a shot, but accurately (after trial and error, I rarely take blurry photos) and amazingly clear shots. Taking a picture of someone 5 yards away, I can zoom in fully on someone 20 yards away in the background and it is still clearer than my old HTC Arrive's regular pictures. Combine the camera with the 'lenses' features of WP8 and take Panoramas, use Nokia's Smartshoot (selects best photos of individual people and aggregates them into one shot), burst mode, etc. Then edit them right in the camera, add effects, automatically upload to Facebook, Skydrive (highly recommend everyone learn this very intuitive 'cloud hard drive' offered by MS) or elsewhere (apps can fill in the location). Do you love music but always seem to be on the go? Well not only can xbox music help solve that problem (the successor to the under-appreciated Zune service) but you can use Slacker, 3rd party Pandora, Nokia music, etc. Many products offering cached mode for your favorite playlists, refreshing when on wifi and giving you new music when you're in that dead-spot or saving data on your plan. Sound quality I've found to be better than the iPhone, on par with the HTC 8X w/ Beats. How about Office? Or even simply OneNote? As a college student I've been using OneNote for 3 years now, syncing my notes via SkyDrive and accessing them on the fly. WP8 + my Lumia offer me instant access to all of my notes at a moment's notice. I can search them, add to them, annotate to them, anything I need. Boot up my computer and those notes from my phone are now on my computer. It's a wonderful product that rarely gets used. But imagine using it to share shopping lists, to do lists, project notes amongst colleagues, etc. Its uses are endless. Induction charging? The one which comes with this phone works flawlessly, allowing a 'grab and go' policy. No more jamming the microUSB cable into the phone or tripping over the cable after you've hidden the charger's cable. If I weren't on AT&T I'd recommend the Datasense app to anyone looking to control their phone and their app data rates. MS gave the carriers the option to enable/disable this feature and so far only Verizon has activated it. I'll be happy to update this review in the future when my phone is still going strong and Microsoft has released a new version of WP8 during its guaranteed two year life cycle support. Meaning you will get at minimum two years of updates to this device, keeping it fresh and relevant to the growing phone industry. Have a question? Ask me and I'll answer.I love everything about this phone. It's amazing. Most of all: IT'S STABLE! I switched from Android after having 3 Android phones (DroidX, DroidX2 and Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and I couldn't be happier. Windows Phone is faster, has higher quality apps, and is far, far, far more stable and easy to use than any Android phone. There are some apps missing from the Store that I used on Android, but most already have 3rd party replacements or are scheduled to be released in 2012 (Like Spotify, Instagram, and Pandora for example). Instead, I have apps like Xbox Music, which I've found to be a fantastic replacement for Spotify. The app is cleaner, has a huge music library, and syncs instantly with my Windows 8 PC. I've found that Nokia Maps is REALLY great now that the Nokia Lumia 920 has received an update since it's release. Having free GPS on my phone was a requirement to switch and Nokia nailed it. I don't even miss Google Maps anymore. I still have common apps like Evernote, Glympse, Skype, and of course Angry Birds. I even have a third party Google Mapps app to find my Android friends on Latitude. So even popular Google services are available in some fashion. But between the apps and the Xbox games, the AWESOME battery life with LTE (I NEVER had that on Android!!!), Wireless Charging, and incredible camera: There is nothing about this phone not to enjoy. I can only point out that it's heavier than other smartphones as a negative. But when you're talking weight in Grams, "heavy" is negligible. Nokia adds incredible value to the Windows Phone platform and is surely the #1 choice for Windows Phone 8.Software ------------ Every day I used to check 1.Weather 2.News 3.Facebook,linked in updates Now all the data I wanted is aggregated and shown in one screen.Awesome! It pulls profile pictures of my friends and refreshes in screen.Very nice! My skydrive pictures,facebook pictures etc etc are all under photos menu.Wow! All the pictures I took using the camera is played as a slide show in home screen.Wow! If your data is scattered across the net, this is the device for you! Hardware --------- Dont feel it is that heavy. Battery life is good.( I disabled NFC,Bluetooth etc. I have been using this phone since last week ) And yes, This phone uses standard mini usb for charging and data transfer. Big thanks to Nokia! I was able to attend calls and operate the phone without removing my gloves! Cons ----- Night photo has red eye kind of thing. Not sure if I have to tweak settings. Takes 2+ hours to fully charge the phone using USB. Waiting for wireless changer. Opening IE downloads images and other information. I have only 200mb data. Att dint setup visual voice mail by default, had to chat with them to fix this. It is a superb upgrade from my iphone 3GSIt is one of those times that I have to write this review and give my star rating just as a payback to the amazon reviewers who help me make so many decisions. I have been using the 920 now for more than 6 months. All I would say is it is the best phone in the market (way better than Samsung and apple) I do not know where the Z10 stands, but if you are having difficulty picking up between Nokia, Samsung and Apple: You need not have second thoughts. All I can say is: I was a semi-believer before I used, and lot of people thought the reviews here are paid for by Nokia, and so on and so forth. The answer is those skeptics were wrong. This is the best phone on the market as of today (GPS, MAPS, contact book, camera, "un" closed system etc.) Only Con I have is, it's a tad heavy. Other than that happy Windowing Hope this helps.....I like the screen size. The camera/video takes very good pictures/videos. My husband and I are both using this phone and we use the family room feature a lot to share videos, pictures and planning our sons activities. I usually put my lumia on battery saving mode and the battery seems to last longer than my iPhone. I highly recommend this phone! UPDATE: I accidentally dropped the lumia on the floor once (table to the floor in Olive Garden) and my shopping tote accidentally dropped from my chair to the floor (might have been a few times) while having the lumia in it ... I am not sure if that is the reason but when i picked up the lumia from my shopping tote from the last fall, the lumia has a blue and red lines that wouldn't go away. The phone is still performing the same but the red and blue lines would not go away ...The biggest downside of this phone is the "small" app market and there is a version of every app I ever really used on my two previous phones. I owned an Iphone 3Gs (which I liked) and replaced that with a Motorola Atrix (which I liked also for different reasons but it was glitchier than the Iphone) and this is my favorite of the three. I was looking for a new phone because the Atrix was getting really slow and it was between the 920 the Galaxy S III and the Iphone 5. I've played with the Iphone 5 and it's nice and I would have been more than happy with it but the Home screen isn't as good and I actually like the heftier phone. The android was nice because of all the customization but after about a day I didn't do much with it and I had more problems syncing with my computer than my Iphone. The only caution I give on this phone is it seems it mightbe hard to use if you have small hands but maybe a smaller handed reviewer could comment on that. I'd buy this phone again in a heartbeat and the more people that buy it, the better the app marketplace will get. If the rating was out of 10 I'd give it a 9. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close.After 3 iPhones, I finally decided to jump ship to a Nokia Lumia Windows phone. I held my ATT upgrade until Lumia 920 came out and waited anxiously for it's arrival. It's been a long long time before I wanted anything this bad. I'm not disappointed at all with my yellow L920. It's great looking and it has great feel in my hands. Not heavy at all. It makes iPhone looks like a dull and dark old box. Windows 8 is great and very easy to transition into. It might not have all the apps but it has over 90% of the best apps. Over the past week, I've been asked by people to let them play with it all the time. It definetly grabbed people's attention. Welcome back Nokia! The best camera and the best map from Nokia.This phone is a steal for the price. I replaced my iphone4 and the Nokia is clearly the better phone. The only downsides I can think of are that Windows 8 is still a little immature, the number of apps is smaller and the phone is a bit large and heavy for people with very small hands. However, having said that, for me the size of the phone is perfect, and I love the substantial and solid feel. Also, the red/yellow/white versions can be a little splippery, although I had no problems with my red phone so far. Windows 8 looks great and is super easy to use, and I'm certain that in a few months you get any app you want. For the money, this is the best phone on the market in terms of hardware, and the software is right now a tie between iOS and Android.I 've had my nokia lumia 920 for over a month now and I'm quite satisfied and happy with this phone. Let's break it down: Bluetooth is great, just connected to my car stereo pioneer BT6400 and it works like a champ, it connects automatically any time I jump in my car so I can enjoy hands free calls and of course listening to my music too. Kindle app is great, big screen you really enjoy reading your book as well as listening to your audiobooks if you install Audible which also works fine. Youtube and Metrotube deliver the goods, facebook app is good enough. Nokia maps and Gmaps both great. You also have a choice to go with bing or google when it comes to search, either way you are fine. Battery life is good for moderate use, say checking and replying emails, text messages, watch video here and then. Most people usually have things to do other than being on the phone 24 hrs a day watching videos or playing games. Apps, I hear complaints about not too many apps, there is about 130 k apps, more than enough for the rest of my days with this phone. I don't need 10 millions apps again this is a personal preference anyway. I like windows 8 phone integration with my windows 8 desktop, I gotta confess after a rocky stat I came to love windows 8 OS. Always do your research when shopping a smartphones all I can tell you is that this phone is great so far in my experience. One more thing, wireless charging, sweet. I have to tell you once you try it, you don't wanna come back to your old way of charging your phone.I like this phone much better than the iPhone it replaced. It is a lot more versatile, without being so open that there is a concern about malware. The major perks are seamless integration with my Windows desktop without having to install additional software, an industry standard micro usb connector and wireless charging (with additional charger purchase). The screen is sensitive enough to use with gloves (driving gloves, not heavy gloves) but not so sensitive it causes problems. Issues: 1. Battery life is inconsistent and often way too short, sometimes the phone will last 8 hours or less with no use and sometimes it will last 14+ hours with moderate use. Turning off bluetooth etc has no effect on the battery life in this case. Once the phone turns off due to low battery it will not turn back on until it has been charging for almost 30 minutes 2. Only one volume control. This means if you turn the volume down to play a game without disturbing others, your ringer gets turned down too 3. Lack of real apps. Where most major credit card and banking companies have developed apps for iPhone and Android, almost none of them have developed for Windows Phone 4. No granular data control, and some carriers (AT&T) do not allow you to use Nokia's data monitoring app. You cannot set live tiles to only update over Wifi, nor can you restrict anything other than phone software updates. This can eat up your data plan without you realizing it. 5. Voice control is so promising but very limited, no ability to turn off wifi or bluetooth with voice, which would be very helpful in saving battery 6. Lack of an SD slot (which is slightly offset by the 32 GB capacity) 7. No wireless sync capability Other than some moderate flaws, this is a solid phone (literally and figuratively) that is a sound replacement for my iPhone. With Apple changing their non-standard connector for the iPhone 5 I was fed up and decided to move away. Thanks Nokia for making a good piece of hardware.I have an Iphone 4, so ill be comparing everything in this to that. Pros FAST cleaaar! smoooOOoth! beautiful low light pictures!! intuitive! You can attach your numnbers to facebook friends = awesome feature!! pretty sure theres more im still finding new stuff out about it! the phone feels GREAT. crisp quality all over. STURDY! I dropped it pretty hard on the edge really hard on the wet asphalt the first day i got it. it still looks flawless, only a tiny chip that you cant even notice Cons big screen, kinda have to stretch my finger around a bit might take some practice getting used to. emoji apps on iphone are better than the built in pics, but maybe there are apps for more pics So ya, this phone is awesome.Coming from an HTC EVO 4G, this phone is bliss. Everything is buttery smooth. The Camera is amazing, and the screen is beyond comparison. It has every hardware feature you can imagine, catches anyone's eye within a half mile instantly, and has some of the best call audio quality I've ever experienced on a cell phone. I'll never buy another phone unless it's at least as good as this Nokia. Hopefully this phone will be the one that saves Nokia, because it's an amazing piece of hardware. As to the OS, Microsoft has finally hit a homerun. Windows Phone 7 / 7.5 were ok, but lacked a lot of features in the OS. Now with 8 they've closed nearly all the gaps, and new software is rolling out that takes the platform to a new level. Finally feels like a leading class OS, instead of a "me too" OS.I've been a longtime iPhone and Android fan that's been craving something new, yet I wanted my phone to have the important features below: :: TL;DR :: My important features. 1) Group threaded message (like the iPhone) 2) Stellar pictures 3) Fast internet 4) Good battery life 5) Good as an actual phone Bonuses: 1) 32GB 2) Offline maps + voice navigation 3) Outlook integration 4) Social Network integration 5) Nokia Music Lacking: 1) App selection (not necessarily bad) ::Meat of the Review:: Messaging: This has been headache-free for me. Most of my contacts are on the iPhone and this phone works seamlessly in communicating with them as a group. Stock android does not do this out of the box. The Lumia just works here. Camera/Video: This phone takes gorgeous photos. I used this to take photos at a family party and my family and friends were consistently impressed. Please don't take this to mean "showoff". These were unsolicited comments about the quality and clarity of the photos. Also, this phone does your viewers a favor by offering fluid and quality video capture. Helpful against nausea from shaky videos. Fast Internet: LTE, HSPA+, Wi-Fi. All work, all are plenty fast. Battery: This phone lasts me all day. At times I've had 13 hours and other times 40+ hours of battery life. With anything, your mileage may vary depending on how you use your phone and how often. As a phone: Calls are clear even through speakerphone. People didn't have a problem hearing me as well. The Nice to Haves: The 32GB storage, Nokia's offline maps + navigation, work email and the social media integration are all big bonuses for me. What's this mean? I can take lots of pictures, I can use navigation without worry over data usage, and I can contact my work and personal contacts seamlessly. I also mentioned Nokia music. It's similar to Pandora, but I can save the music for offline listening and I don't have to pay for it. Having this feature was a pleasant surprise. App Market: To get the elephant out of the way, the windows phone app market is lacking in selection, but you'll find the main stuff here: facebook, yelp, netflix, angry birds, etc. The lack of selection isn't a conflict for me. The phone already has what I absolutely want (messaging, navigation). I don't personally download a lot of apps because I like my phone free of clutter. Random Thoughts: User Interface: The UI is simple and very friendly to work with. I don't feel you'll have a problem navigating this phone. Internet browsing: IE works well, pages display fine from my use. Phone Screen: Pretty and Vivid. Colors feel just right and not overly saturated. Phone's brightness also works well in any lighting condition. Phone Design: Except for the protruding volume, camera, and sleep/power buttons on the right side of the phone, this is a beautifully designed phone. Phone Weight: You definitely feel the weight of the phone. For me its comfortable. You'll want to hold one before making your own judgement here. Final word: The system isn't as robust as Android so people who love tinkering "under the hood" with their phone may want to stick to Android. If you're heavily invested in the Android or iOS app markets, its probably best to stay where you are. If you're looking to jump ship from either platform into a friendly platform with generous phone features, consider checking out the Nokia Lumia 920.I've had my Lumia 920 since the day they were launched by AT&T. Overall, I love it, though it isn't perfect. The best parts about the phone are Windows Phone 8. This will probably sound strange to people who haven't ever used the Windows Phone OS, but Microsoft has done a phenomenal job of producing a phone that is fast, easy to use, and extremely personal and social. iOS and Android don't even come close to the level of integration that Microsoft has achieved with social networks, which makes WP8 the best choice for someone who is using their phone to keep in contact with friends. The ability to have full integration with Facebook, Twitter, Linked In, and now Skype isn't matched on any other OS. If the reason you're buying a smartphone is to keep in contact with people on social networks, Windows Phone is clearly your best choice. I have several coworkers with iPhone 5s and quite a few with high-end, recent Android models as well. The 920 is much more responsive than the Android models, and probably faster and smoother than the iPhone 5 as well. There is absolutely no lagging in response to input. The touch screen is incredibly responsive and snappy. You're never left wondering if the phone received your input because it just responds instantly. Microsoft makes much of the Live Tiles, and probably rightfully so. Being able to configure your start (home) screen with up-to-date news, weather, sports scores, social network updates, etc. is just awesome. While it may be true that Android has the ability to add gadgets to do some of these things, they are somewhat finicky to deal with. And iOS lacks any ability to have dynamic content on the home screen. Microsoft really has an edge on other OS vendors here. The Nokia apps are also a big plus. The Maps app is the best I've seen on any phone, and its ability to download map data onto the device makes it extremely fast, as well as being completely usable in areas with no coverage. Nokia Music is a lot like Spotify, Pandora, or Xbox Music Pass, but without any fees and the ability to work offline. Nokia Drive turns your phone into a completely usable GPS which is good enough to replace many budget dedicated units. And City Lens is just... cool. Holding up and moving your phone around to see what businesses are nearby impresses people every time I demonstrate it. Not everything is rosy, though. While Windows Phone now boasts more than 120,000 apps, not all of the popular apps from other platforms are available. In fact, many are not. This may or may not be important for you, because in most cases where a popular app from iOS or Android may not be available, a suitable alternative most likely is. And Microsoft seems to be trying really hard to engage app developers in including Windows Phone in their software development plans. With Windows Phone 8 they have made it easier than it was with version 7, as the ability to run native apps has been added, making porting from other platforms much easier to do. Hopefully this results in more first-run titles coming to the platform. I also think that the 920 is just a bit too big. The screen size is perfect, but the phone overall is just a bit thick, and a little bit heavy by today's standards. It seems from tear-downs that the likely culprit is the internal module for wireless charging, which is adding a bit of extra girth to the device. Some people will love having that ability, while others may have been willing to give it up to end up with a device that's been on a diet. Either way, it isn't any heavier or thicker than phones from just a year ago, so if you've read reviews on the internet complaining about how obese the phone is, you can probably safely assume that it isn't any chunkier than the phone you already have. Weight-wise, it's almost identical to the iPhone 4/4S. Some significant advantages the 920 has over other phones are its excellent camera (which is arguably the best available short of the PureView 808) and wireless charging. Amazon doesn't seem to be selling the Nokia branded wireless chargers, but any Qi compatible charger will work. This includes an LG model that is currently just $35. Having NFC on the phone is also very cool, even if AT&T doesn't yet support it for making wireless credit card purchases using the Isis service. The biggest downsides to the 920 are its exclusivity to AT&T (which tends to have mediocre coverage in most areas), the lack of expandable storage, and a battery that cannot be removed. While the 920 seems to do a better job at pulling in signals than many other phones, if quality coverage isn't available there just isn't that much that a phone can do to improve it. And it seems that a premium phone wouldn't be skimping on features that are available on lower-end models. The 820, for example, does have expandable storage. I also find the battery life to be acceptable, but not great. If you're actively using the phone for anything that is very CPU intensive (like a Skype video call) you can almost hear a sucking noise coming from inside the phone as the battery is drained very quickly. For normal use though, you'll get more than a day out of a charge. Overall the 920 is an excellent (but not perfect) smartphone. It is likely the best choice for someone using a phone for keeping up on their social networks, and it is a great phone for practically everything else. Highly recommended.Amazing Windows 8 OS supported with excellent Nokia hardware. Favourite features: Offline 2D and 3D Maps (US, India and other countries) with turn-by-turn voice direction, which you can download to your phone (~1 GB for all States in US) and does not require internet during travelling. Good quality Nokia music service. Camera (8.7 megapixel) that takes decent quality pictures. Would recommend to friends. Update: 12/07/2012 - Phone works great as advertised with regards to using it while wearing winter gloves which is great for Winter in Ohio. No need to take off the glove to pick up the phone!!! Also, phone is super fast and browsing is very slick on IE. I used to have iPhone 4 and Samsung Focus (Windows 7.5 Phone) earlier and facebook retrival was real slow, perhaps due to 3G support. But it takes less than a second on Lumia to refresh a Facebook page!I've been a Windows Phone user since 7 (before 7.5). My previous phone was an HTC Titan, which was a good enough phone, though certain things were not terribly impressive (lower resolution screen, camera was so-so, I wasn't a fan of the lens sticking out on the back, etc). The Lumia 920 is the best phone I've owned to date. I won't review all of Windows Phone 8, though it is worth mentioning that you should know what you're getting yourself into: research your favorite apps, see if there are alternatives if they aren't in the marketplace just yet, and make sure that you're willing to dive in. It can be a bit much to ask people to give up a good Instagram app (there isn't one for WP8 that I know of, though I'm no Instagram user), but the OS is beautiful, functional, and I think makes up for any holes it has. Pros: Great camera (this has been talked about, and while it may not be everything people have wished, it is still wildly impressive; the stabilization isn't as powerful as I'd hoped, but maybe I just have shaky hands). Night photos are a dream, though daytime photos aren't quite as colorful as I'd like. This will allegedly be fixed in a patch, but at this point, that isn't the case. The screen is a dream. Excellent contrast, high resolution (ppi is comparable to the iPhone 5), deep blacks, and saturated colors leave everything looking crisp and pretty. The hardware is solid, though some may complain about the weight. Every single person who has picked my phone up, without exception, has commented on the weight. Some have preferred it ("Wow, it feels heavy, but I like how solid that makes it feel"), while others have been off put by it ("Wow, that's really heavy, glad I don't have to carry it around"). I personally prefer it, though I did get used to larger phones with my HTC Titan (before that I had an iPhone 4, so that change was huge). The buttons on the side depress with a satisfying feel, though this is the norm on most good phones; if your buttons don't feel nice, they will be commented on. Cons: There are two potential cons, and one actual one. The first potential con is the weight, which I addressed above. The second is the sheer size of the phone. It's only slightly smaller (though still thicker) than my Titan was, and that was a beast of a phone. I've got no trouble fitting it in my pockets, but I'm not likely to forget it is there. The physical size is definitely going to be a negative for some, though. The actual con, and the only thing I actively dislike about this phone even as I'm getting accustomed to it, is that the matte surface is slippery. I had hoped it would be grippy, which is why I chose the matte over the glossy (matte = black and cyan, glossy = white, red, and yellow). When I pull the phone out of my pocket, I've made a habit of grabbing it by the screen and the back, rather than the sides (my previous habit). I don't notice any finger-prints (this screen is really nice), but I'm still getting used to grabbing it that way. All in all, this is the best phone I've owned. I love WP8 as a platform, but the hardware makes Nokia's Lumia 920, in my opinion, the flagship device for Windows Phone.I love my Lumia 920. I'm a business man and approaching 50 and I am not interested in all of the "cores" and "settings" and "custom ringtones" and all the other stuff people seem to spend hours playing with on their cell phones that they think is important. I've gone thru that stage and gotten it out of my system. I used to love to geek out on my phones thru XDA developers. Been there. Done that. Windows 8 is fast, fluid, gorgeous, eye catching, intuitive, functional and easy to learn. This phone syncs my multiple emails, multiple calendars, backs up documents, photos, apps and texts to the cloud, streams music, has free GPS voice guided navigation, a monster camera, Photosynth, Sky Drive and Microsoft Office. It has over 100,000 apps as well. The phone feels good in my hand and is built better than any phone out there. There are videos on You Tube of a guy pounding in a nail with his Lumia 920. You can't break this phone by dropping it. The home screen and live tiles are very customizable, the WiFi is excellent, the apps I need are there and the Nokia suite of exclusive apps makes this phone better than any other Windows Phone out there. I just saw that Verizon is getting a version and that the cases will be brushed aluminum. Those are going to be really nice. I actually got a Samsung Galaxy S3 last year and tried to forget my Lumia 900 I had prior. I thought that, based on all the hype, that the Galaxy would be fine. it wasn't. There were settings for setting within settings and the battery couldn't go 7 hours. I used it for 2 months and swapped it for a Lumia 920. Windows Phone is just cleaner, faster and smarter an OS than Android. Well, I think so at least. So go into a store and check out the 920 and do your research and compare. Most of the negative reviews on here seem to come from people who aren't smarter than their phones. Sorry.I got my 920 in 2012, back when it was brand new on the market. It's been my daily use phone for the duration, and shows no signs of slowing down. Surprisingly, it's still competitive spec-wise with phones being released today. I'll probably be using this phone for at least another year or two. The major drawback when I bought it, and still today, is the app ecosystem, which lags behind Android and iOS. If you are not heavily into third party apps, it might not be an issue for you at all, because it's fully functional using just the apps from Microsoft and Nokia, as well as quite a few third party apps. But, if you need to have the latest versions of particular apps, owning this phone might be mild torture. Because of the app ecosystem, I'm taking off a star. I'm very satisfied with everything else. Pros: * Stable and reliable hardware and software * Excellent build quality (it's built like a tank) * Attractive and intuitive user interface * Excellent camera, with optical image stabilization (works well in low light) * Dedicated camera button * Decent battery life, even after three years (generally lasts one day) Cons: * Lags competitors in third party appsI love how people complain about how "thick" and "heavy" this phone is compared to iphone or galaxy series. Then again, owners of iphone and galaxy series have to purchase thick and heavy phone cases in order to protect their phone from breaking if they were to drop the phone. Nokia users don't have to worry about this problem. Effectively, this phone is thinner and lighter than most phones out there because it doesn't need a heavy case. Nokia knows how to build a strong and useful phone. This is the best phone I ever held in my life and I was planning to pick between iphone 5, galaxy s3 and this phone. Eventually I ended up picking this one and I don't regret it at all. This phone is everything iphone 5 wishes it could have been.This phone is like a breath of fresh air. Even before you turn it on the build quality of this is like, well, a Nokia. It feels like when you come across a luxury car parked at a dealership. Extremely well build and solid, this is one phone that doesn't need a casing to keep it safe. The texture of the glossy finish and its shape feels good in the hand and it look ohh so sexy. Arguably the best feature is its camera, it puts my canon to shame with its low light pictures, outstanding panoramic shots, mechanical image stabilization and you can view those shots on a beautiful big screen. The battery life is pretty good too, it can last 2 days without a recharge on normal use. Nokia has added some outstanding apps like Nokia Drive with it offline capabilities. Windows 8 is snappy and with a clean and fluid UI, more than enough apps for my needs and some neat features like Kids Corner something anyone with kids can appreciate. Go and treat yourself to this phone and you will not look back.Why are you reading these reviews? Get out there and grab your own Nokia Lumia 920! This phone is nothing short of amazing. The battery lasts forever - literally a full day and night with very heavy usage! It takes photos like a dedicated camera - even at night. The microphone is able to record hi-def audio at levels 20db greater than the competition! Every 3 decibels is twice the volume level, so the Lumia 920 records hi-def audio that is about 50 times louder than the competing phones are able to record. The camera has an optical image stabilizer, allowing it to produce video that looks like you're floating on air as you walk with it. I can go on and on! Wireless charging, Xbox integration, Office apps, IE10 browsing, a music service that lets you listen to anything you want, anytime you want. An amazing screen that looks beautiful and allows you to use the phone even with gloves on. The games are amazing on this phone! The speech recognition is the most accurate I've seen of all my friends phones at work! Seriously, go get one before they're backordered for a month!This phone, despite its widely reported heft, is the best currently available for business users. The usual caveat on "not enough apps" applies to this phone - so check first if you have a critical app from Apple or Android that you must have on this Windows phone before converting. Other than the app caveat, what I really like about this phone are the following: 1) Phenomenal Screen (bright, sharp and large) 2) Fast response time on all operations 3) Exceptionally well made 4) Windows 8 Phone Interface (a generation ahead of iOS and Android in my opinion) My only regret is that it only runs on AT&T; I would have preferred Verizon because they have a wider LTE network.This phone is the best phone I have ever owned. Great design, sound quality, very fast, the camera is great and the display is beautiful. I was a little worried by other reviewers claiming that the phone was too heavy. The phone is a little heavy but remains comfortable. The extra weight gives the phone a solid quality feel. As far as Phone 8 goes. The interface is simple, sleek and incredibly fast. Less apps yes but I the ones I really use are available. Buy it!!!Lucky to have picked up a Lumia 920!!!! First, the screen is just AWESOME, super sensitive and clear even in sunlight. It's buttery smooth and transitions are fast. Everything just looks stunning on this screen. The camera just blows any other smartphone out there. Having owned an iphone 5 and many android phones, the lumia 920 beats them all in every way. With image stabilization it takes amazing video and photos even in low light. No other camera compares! Nokia maps, city drive, dolby sound with equalizer for the music fans, and especially social integration all work seamlessly. The os is truly a pleasure to use. Integration with office 365 works seamlessly. With the high level build quality , definitely outscores all of these cheaply built smartphones. Apps....well there are plenty of USEFUL ones in the store and it's growing. I was skeptical about the weight...is it heavy...NO it feels solid in the hand and weight is not noticeable in the pocket. The battery is on par if not better than the other phones I've owned. With 3 exchange accounts plus a gmail account synced, watching some youtube videos, surfing the web and normal calling and texting it EASILY gets you through more than a day with medium brightness and no power saving features turned on. I would recommend this phone over any other superphone out there!Many of the reviews you'll find for mobile phones are paid or fake reviews. Mine is not. I'm a long time iPhone and Android owner who's switching my app development from the iOS platform to the Windows platform. I was always fairly happy with my iPhone 4. Fragmentation on the Android platform was a nightmare so it pushed me to iPhone. But I have felt like Apple has been fairly stagnant since the 4 in terms of pushing the envelope. (That's not to say I was unahppy. I really like what Apple brings to the table). I now own both the 920 and the HTC 8X. The 920 is a phenomenal device. The screen, the camera, the Windows 8 OS - all far exceed my experience with Apple. The quality of hardware is unmatched on the market right now, in my opinion. The feel in your hand, the smooth interaction with the OS, all of these things make this phone and this platform the best on the market right now. The apps are coming. I've been developing apps for the iOS platform for years now. And I think developers see a gold rush and an untapped market with Windows Mobile now that they have some legitimate hardware in play. If you go with this phone, know that all your favorite apps may not be there from day one, but they're right around the corner.Everything about this phone is well thought out. I give it a 5 because it does everything I need and there are so many features in this phone which amaze me: wireless charging, NFC, the case and screen are amazingly durable (see youtube videos on drop and scratch test), camera is nice, USB cable for charging (nothing like Apple's propreitary junk), MP3 music (simple drag and drop functionality - no need for iTunes software), 4G LTE, WiFi... In five words (5 stars!): It blows the iPhone away! The only improvement needed is more Apps but since this a new OS I am sure more are on the way.This phone and the system gives the ability of getting things done with the native support of Microsoft Office applications. The appstore actually gives the minimal set of applications one would need - enough for work, travel, and descent social live. I also like the personal look of the "desktop" with the "tiles" I can set up myself. E-mail is great and strict, allowing to focus on reading the text. Nokia native application are also useful, with additional map and music services. AT&T added more apps, but I don't really want to spend any extra dollars on them. Amazon has full support with kindle and store applications. System looks stable and dependable, with nice navigation utilizing the "BACK" button. Nice phone and great look, and you feel that it is actually yours with the variety of personalization options.This is really the best phone I have ever owned (having owned quite a few including iPhone). Beautiful large touch screen that makes it easy to read mails and documents. Very responsive UI. Full Office package that works very well with synchronization to 7 Giga byte free Skydrive storage making documents available everywhere. Built-in offline navigation with world wide maps that can be downloaded. Maps application can be used for offline route planning. Skype application that can run in the background and many other useful apps. Really good camera (for a mobile phone).tl;dr at end I come originally from an Android background. Until recently, it was my only experience with a smartphone. I wanted something more reliable, less app force-closes, better build quality. I was fine with the smaller app market. All I do with my phone is browse the web ,(mostly p**n), listen to music, driving navigation, and read books. You don't need millions of apps to accomplish that. When the Lumia 920 came out, I knew it would be my next phone. It had everything I wanted, there was great videos on youtube of people TORTURING this thing and it coming out relatively unscathed. Great! When my existing contract went out, I grabbed one. The Lumia 920 lived up to all my expecations. I loved the feel of it in my hand. I loved the gorgeous screen and silky animations, the rock solid stability of apps and the long battery life while not sacrificing 4g. Today I dropped my phone from 2 feet off a desk. It slipped from my hand. The smooth texture of the yellow phone probably didn't help in this matter. I'm aware that black and cyan are a textured finish, but I wanted yellow, dangit. The screen was absolutely DESTROYED. This phone is less than a month old. I am also disappointed in other aspects of of the build quality in this phone. I'm in the military, and not always in the cleanest environments. I keep the phone carefully in my pocket with no other objects and never lay it on its screen. Nevertheless, it had picked up several scratches on the screen visible by angling it in good light. Of course I can't see them anymore, since there are so many cracks and fissures on the screen. I am not always in a spotless environment, and by resting the phone on desks or tables with small amounts of dirt, the plastic casing has manged to pick up pock mark holes all over. I have two larger areas with deeper scratches, from what, I don't know. The Lumia 920 was an absolute joy for me to use. I am now deeply disappointed in the build quality and will not be replacing it with another. In a bitter kind of way, I half believe that Nokia initially released a higher quality Lumia 920, and it was eventually ramped down to the fragile blossom of a phone that I am now stuck with. tl;dr If there are any people out there considering this phone, please just take this away from my misfortune. The build quality is NOT BETTER than any other average smartphone out there. Don't consider this as a point in the Lumia 920s favor when shopping for your next phone that you want to keep for 2 years. Other reviews similar to mine are NOT an outlier and it COULD happen to you. Please buy yourself a case or insurance or just get a better quality phone.Every other review has covered all the big stuff so I recommend you read several of them, but let me tell you about the small stuff. They have changed the tell me network voice and have added a male voice. These now have a richer sound and more intonation than before, the network seems faster at processing the dictation and I would say I am noticing better accuracy. I use TellMe with a wired headset many, many times a day everyday and it has become an important part of how I get things done. Since I have my headset in all day long the ability for developers to use the TellMe API's in their apps is huge. I can use my voice to open apps and perform tasks in those apps. For example I can use my voice to open Audible and start my book playing without ever looking at my phone. Next their are some great improvements to texting in the phone. They now are not only predicting what word you are typing but what word you may intend to type next. I found this very useful and a pleasing surprise as I never saw this feature update get any press. Let me just cover the criticism of the weight I have seen out there, by saying it is not really an issue when compared to the feel of solidness you get when handling the phone. The phones screen is amazing I kept putting drops of water on it when I first got it to see if I could see pixels when magnified and I still could not. The speed of the screen really makes itself apparent when scrolling black text on a white back ground, there is no blur when the text is in motion. The camera is truly the sweet spot for me, I take a lot of photos and many of them indoors or in poor light and that is where this camera shines. And the ability to have images auto-upload to ShyDrive at full resolution is great. I will amend this as I spend more time with the phone. ***edit***01/23/13 I have spent more time with the phone and have now changed my rating to five stars. Nokia have updated the camera and nearly every Nokia app several times in the last month and half. They have taken a great phone camera and made it that much better. Nokia took care of the issues with daytime photos and sped up the taking of dark photos.A phone and an OS that meet in the middle that compliment each other beyond words. I've had many iphone users in the last week say "Wow! What phone is that?!?" Most of them are now going to the Lumia 920 because the whole "get an extra row of icons iphone5 for several hundred dollars more" and the new apple update has slowed down their 4S phones even more. Oh and also did you hear the one about "An apple fan walks into a bar, sits down in their usual seat and orders their usual drink but this time they paid a little more" Don't be that apple fan!I got this a few days back but returned because I didn't like Windows OS as much. It has some great features and is very well thought out, but lacked a few basic things that I didn't like, especially integration with google apps and it being very closed, ie. you can't access the file system, and so on. Now to the phone. THE BEST PHONE I have ever held in my hands. I was actually sad while returning it! The hardware is flawless, especially the screen and the camera. A little heavy, but not so much. You can feel that it's tough just by holding it. All the keys are well thought out and well placed, so are the speakers. Battery life is decent, like most high end smartphones. Once you use this, going back to the regular GS3's, etc. would not feel as good, how I wish Nokia went with Android!This is in my opinion the best windows phone 8 smartphone so far. The display is fantastic and the the speed is awesome. The battery life is a bit poor at the beginnig but it gets better over time if you use the tipps from wpcentral. The camera is also great although there are some problems with the daytime pics. But the new update should fix much of the problems. I really like the Nokia specific apps like Nokia Drive (offline navigation worldwide for free) and city lense. The only really annoying thing is the still long delivery time since Nokia seems to have overwhelmed by the demand or to have production problems. App selection is fine for me, but others might miss the 10,0000th fart app so they should better stick with Android or Apple. The WP8 OS is quite simple and easy to handle although it has still some annoying missing features (like calender view or the video function).If you are in the market for a smart phone and are not bound to Apple or Google's ecosystems, Windows Phone 8 and the Nokia Lumia 920 is a great choice. The operating system: Love the live tiles. Many features (e.g. Facebook) are tightly integrated with the OS itself. I would not be happy going back now that I am used to many of these features. The hardware: Rock solid. I came from an iPhone 3GS. I regularly used an iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 from my family and co-workers. The iPhones are getting 'prettier', but when your new iPhone takes a tumble, there's a good chance you will end up with some pretty cracks. The Lumia 920 reminds me of the old iPhone 3GS - sure, it's a bit heavier than other phones, but this is more than justified by the durability. I personally enjoy a solid device device with enough heft to know you have it in your hand or pocket - I see the weight as a neutral or positive, particularly over the iPhone 5, which is too light IMHO. The screen: Arguably the best or one of the best out there in the North American market. The iPhone feels tiny in comparison. The camera: Excellent. Great manual controls, the best low-light performance you can get in a phone. Rivals any other phone camera out there. The automatic controls seem to have a little trouble in bright light, I suspect this will be resolved in an update. The app ecosystem: Decent. This is the one sore spot - certain apps aren't available for the Windows Phone 8 OS yet. Fortunately, it isn't set in stone; with brisk sales and an easy path to port applications from Windows 8, this will be changing quickly. I haven't run into any show stoppers - you can find comparable apps for the most part. On the plus side, tight integration with Microsoft software (SkyDrive integration, OneNote, etc.) is a huge help, and Nokia's fantastic apps (e.g. Drive) set it apart from other Windows 8 phones. On the whole, I would recommend this phone to anyone looking to pick up a smart phone who isn't deeply tied to Apple iOS or Google Android ecosystems. I will not be going back to iOS.This is a great phone! Solid design with very sleek looks. I love the modern interface...very smooth and fun. There are more apps available than anyone would need. Nokia keeps producing fantastic free apps like turn-by-turn navigation and Nokia music streaming (no ads). With NFC, wireless charging, an awesome camera, touch through regular gloves, this is probably the most advanced phone out there. Very original!I've had two Lumia 900s, both suffered drops that cracked the screen (though they also made it safely through quite a few drops, I am a klutz). So I decided to get the 920, and I am thrilled with it. It comes in some gorgeous colors (bright yellow!), and it has such a beautiful and sleek form factor that I'm loathe to put it in a case (hence my blue Lumia 900's vulnerability to drops). It gets excited looks and questions wherever I go. Last week I took it out during a meeting with about 15 of our marketing folks (predominantly young guys), and it ended up getting passed around the room with lots of positive chatter - until the conversation turned to apps. I agree, it has most of the apps I want, but not all of the ones that I used consistently on my iPhone, and that has been the downfall of Nokia phones in recent history. The marketing campaign for the 900 was all about how everyone had been a smartphone beta tester, and this was the real deal. Followed closely by a software glitch bad enough that Nokia then gave a credit to everyone who bought a subsidized phone that made the phone FREE. There are still some problems with the Lumia line. This Lumia has had some rebooting issues, the battery life is still not great (you are running on vapors by the end of every day), and it's hefty. It fits in a pocket, but you really feel it, especially if you sit down. All in all, however, I do love this phone and I love having something that not everyone else has. PROS *Form Factor: it's different, and gorgeous, and a conversation starter. People want it, or want to try it. *Camera: It has a great 8.7 megapixel camera with optical image stabilization (Carl Zeiss, as always with Nokia) and takes good images even inside my house even with curtains drawn. Sharp. *Screen: 4.5 inch screen with gorilla glass, stunningly sharp 1280 x 760 resolution and blur reduction. It is also impressively sensitive. Nokia is based in Finland, and they have 10 months of cold. Nokia engineers have been very motivated to make a phone that can be used while wearing gloves. *Operating System: The Windows operating system features bold, bright colors, animated images, and a very intuitive and easy interface. I try to restrict my conversations with friends because inevitably people ask to play with the pretty interface and seem to have no qualms about opening my personal email, work email, and texts. I'm still not sure how much I like it that this phone is so attractive and attracting that it makes people forget boundaries. *Responsiveness: Superb. It has a dual-core processor, but it's optimized to run smoothly on slower chips. 60 fps screen refresh rate. It's zippy in most everything you do. 4G/LTE supported. *Maps: best in the business, and Nokia Drive is awesome. I used the 920 when I was in Chicago and it got me where I wanted to go via buses (I know, I'm cheap) every day with no issues (bus times, stop locations, etc). *Some sweet extras: wireless charging and near field communication. And they finally give you a way to resize your tiles, a lack that annoyed me with the 900. Also interfaces with my Xbox 360. I still can't set up my TV programs to record (via my cable provider) like I could with my iPhone however. *Sound: one of the things that seems improved - music quality is not bad if I forget my headphones and I can carry on business calls via speaker. *Price: a LOT cheaper than an iPhone. CONS *Size: heavy, big in your pocket and just slightly too big to be comfortable in your hand. *Battery: Yes, it's a jaw-droppingly beautiful display, but a little shorter battery life is the result. *Operating System: Still some glitches. Nokia did spit out the Lumia line pretty quickly after the partnership with Microsoft was inked, and they are still on an aggressive timeline. The company is in trouble, and clearly is trying to strike the balance between getting this phone into people's hands while still maintaining quality. *My plea to Nokia: I want to see the time/date and notifications without activating the phone. I loved the N9 for that. Please bring that functionality to Lumia.have been using this for close to a month now. awesome experience so far. got all the app that I needed: skype, whatsapp, rebtel, people hub, livestrong, Chase Mobile banking, Fruit Ninja, etc etc. Nokia maps simply superb. With tap+send sharing photos can't be any easier. Wireless charging is so handy, especially when you come from office or shopping with one hand full of stuff, you can just take it out of your pocket with the other hand and place it on the charging pad. Live tiles make you to check email or facebook only if there is a need to. photos and video are so crisp. The tiles in the home page can be sized and set according to the nature of app.This is simply the best phone I have ever had. I love the wireless charging, the industry best camera, and Windows 8 operating system. I have been a long time iPhone user, but after 6+ years iOS has become dated. I thought about moving to Android, but I heard about the malware and hardware quality issues with some of the Samsungs. Nokia 920 brings the sexy back to phones! I love it.The Nokia Lumia 920 is Nokia's flagship phone for 2012. What this means is that Nokia has packed all the latest technology into this phone. It comes with Windows Phone 8, which just came out in October 2012. The older Windows phones will not get the new operating system, so it's a better idea to pick up a Windows Phone 8 device versus a cheaper Windows Phone 7.5. This will ensure that you will receive all the future updates. Although Windows Phone 8 looks just like the previous version, it was actually rewritten from the ground up to include a new kernel. What does this mean? It means that the new phones can now use faster processors, have High Definition screens, and goodies like NFC and SD Card support. (note that the Lumia 920 doesn't have an SD slot) Thanks for Windows Phone 8, Nokia has been able to include the latest tech into its 920. This includes a fast dual core processor, 1GB of ram, an excellent HD display, and the PureView camera. This makes for a very smooth experience. This phone is blazing fast! It is just as fast as the competition like the iPhone 5 & the Galaxy S3. The Windows Phone OS is very easy to use, yet it's powerful. Twitter and Facebook are baked into the OS, so you can access the feed and timeline straight from your phone. The app selection isn't as good as android or iOS, but it's getting new apps every day. On my phone I already have Kindle, Audible, Amazon, Chase, CNN, Flixter, Facebook, Twitter, Garmin, IMDb, Youtube, Netflix, PayPal, Skype, Urbanspoon, WSJ & Yelp. This is more than enough for me! Game selection is good too, with the Xbox Live integration. Angry Birds Star Wars came out the same day as the android and iOS version, which is a great sign. The camera is also a big selling point. It has OIS, which is optical image stabilization. Since most smartphones have really tiny image sensors, the only way to capture more light is to have the camera shutter open longer. However, since our hand shake just a tiny bit, this usually results in blurry pictures. The camera on the 920 can fight camera shake with OIS. This will result in great pictures even at night. It really is amazing technology. I have added camera samples to the product page so you can judge for yourself. There has been criticism that the daytime pictures are not as sharp as the competition. Nokia has stated that they will release a software update very soon to fix this issue. I will report back when it comes out. To sum it up, for the price asked this phone is a tremendous value. It has 32GB of storage, a great camera, a fast processor and the latest operating system. I would definitely recommend this phone for anyone.We now have 3 of these in our family and plan to get another one. We are a Windows Phone family. We love our Lumia 920s. This is in our opinion the best phone available, much better than a Samsung or an iPhone. The way it runs so smoothly, Cortana, everything is connected and on the cloud, this phone simply could not be any better. It makes our lives easier. The camera is awesome in all conditions.This phone is great in every way. There are only two problems for me, the battery life is bad, may be last for a half day depend on the settings. It could last a day if you set it right like disabling background apps. The second problem, not really the phone problem but I cannot tethering the data plan without paying extract $20 a month. This is crippling the capability of the phone, not everyone is rich enough to spend $20 a month just for the tethering. I wish there's a hack, if you know one please let me know. Also there's third problem, xbox live force you to use wifi when downloading an app with large file size, I mean I have 3 GB plan and I am not allow to use that data the way I want? I checked my phone bill, I used less than 1 GB for almost a month now. This is unacceptable. Update 11/28/2012: The phone camera sometimes only show green screen, it's like the lens is completely covered by green liquid but still can see some shadows behind. I have to power off the phone to fix it. This only happened twice so far. Not sure if my phone is defected. Update 11/29/2012: I am previous owner of Nokia e71 and Nokia N8. This phone's picture quality is no where near to N8. It looks fine when you view them on the phone. However, when you view them on computer size by size. It's just not up to the same standard, it's very blurry and not focusing well especially with moving objects. My baby niece looks like a ninja while all she did was turning her head. I wish they can fix that with software update, I know they did that with e71. BTW, I was using 9 MP setting on N8 which is not much different than 8.7 MP. Update 12/4/2012: Just want to update that battery has been improved in the past few days. I am getting 50% battery left after 12 hours of normal usage. I no longer feel warm on the back of the phone. I did not change any setting other than app updates. I guess either Nokia or Microsoft fixed something.We bought the Lumia 920 for my 12 year old, since its available for a penny(with contract). This is our first Windows phone in our Android family, and so far it has worked good. The OS itself is very slick and responsive. Limited number of Windows apps is not a huge issue for my son as of now. I did the Amber update over the weekend and it went thro' smoothly. Also installed the really nice ProCam app. Nokia maps/navigation is excellent. The device is a little heavy but the cool yellow color is eye-catching. Overall quite satisfied with this phone, and would recommend for a first time smartphone user.I bought this phone against my husbands's better judgement, but it turned out great. He has an iPhone, and I didn't want one, I'm a Windows person. The Lumina 900 is inexpensive, easy to use, fast and easy to learn. I had a Blackberry for many years, so I thought it would be tough to get to know the new phones, hah, it took me 10 minutes to have e-mail, text, 5 apps and all my contacts in the phone. And talk about fast, this thing is great. Tons of Apps out there. Calendar is easy to use and I can actually hear people talking on the other end. My husband is going to get one when his upgrade comes due. A great buy!This is a beast. I get 28Gb to use in 32Gb but every thing fits in there. I have no kids but i use kids corner to access my favorite apps easily. I have relaible apps for VOIP, Games, Entertainment, Maps, Augmented reality, Productivity and Chat so no worries about millions of apps for each store we saw on road. Good sound clarity and nice display to se in direct sun light.Its a smartphone war at the moment and Nokia just built a tank - when you realize what this means, you wont be disappointed! get to a store and feel it in your hands and you will love it. (admittedly I was cautious the first time but the second time I was sold) yes its a little heavier and bigger but when your realize that those are only 2 specs out of many you will quickly conclude that the 920 blows everything else out of the water. I have had it for a week now so final points: camera is amazing, screen is amazing, WP8 is amazing, red looks amazing and if you want to know more about Nokia, look up indestructible in any dictionary.The only complaint I have is battery life is bad when using LTE. However, the great Nokia apps make this a far superior choice to any other Windows Phone. Windows Phone 8 is a great OS (coming from a former iPhone user). There is a learning curve, but it is well worth it. Hardware is great, fast, and smooth. Camera takes better pictures than the iPhone 5 side by side. Definitely recommend.Not going to be too wordy, but I do want to say that I am coming from owning a Palm 650 to 750 to pre+ to Pre 2. Though I am going to miss some things about the UI on Palm webOS I've now made the switch to the Nokia Lumia 920 and I am SO glad I did. This is a great Phone and I highly recommend it. Order the first day available, my wife got the yellow and I got the red. It's True- finally a phone for each of us. Make it personal, make it yours.The reviews here are pretty much the same but there are good aspects to this phone that make it perfect for spys like me. I've owned it since Nov. 12th, 2012. 1. Downloadable maps and navigation. Handy for a chase scene, it works exactly like a commercial GPS navigation unit with time to destination, audible turn by turn, etc... Even has audio alerts for exceeding speed limits and can be on in the background (battery willing). You can adjust the variance up to 18mph if limit is under 50mph and limit is over 50mph. Perfect for not attracting local law enforcement when you are cruising w/ some of the worlds most wanted. 2. Downloadable languages for navigation, Pretty much all popular languages around the world! Note, if you pick a language like Chinese they will only speak directions using the metric system. 3. Bing translation doesn't have that many languages but pointing your camera at a menu or any place that has text you want to translate will overlay the translation over the text on the screen. Again, language packs are downloadable (Chinese is 33MB) so if you are in a foreign country you don't have to use wireless data. Search for videos on windows phone 8 bing translator and prepare to say the "C" word that rhymes with pool. 4. Easily accessible micro-sim door. Perfect for swapping SIM cards when you are evading local authorities, or at least slowing them down. 5. Battery life is very good. Yes, your battery life will feel like crap when you first get it because you are trying all kinds of apps and features which drain your battery but after you settle down and get down to daily use the battery is adequate and usual for any smartphone. Again, depends on what you are running in the background but you can set those also. 6. Display is better than an iPhone. Really! Pictures of secret documents have good detail and are readable in direct sunlight. 7. Yes, I've had to reset my phone once a week so far but all phones do that with heavy use. RIght now that's my only gripe. It won't turn on when pressing the on button and pressing the volume down and on button at the same time will reboot the phone. It takes about 1min. for it to boot to the start screen and about 15sec. to get a signal from ATT. You'd usually need a reliable phone for IEDs but it's too good looking for that. I think it'll survive the blast also. Construction is good so they can trace the phone. There is a youtube video of it being shot by an AK-47 and blown up. 8. Plug it in via USB and transfer music, movies, video, pictures like a flash drive (no drivers needed). Perfect for the occasional corporate espionage. Plus, you know how many times people ask me how to copy their pictures and video from their iPhone or iPad? I knew a spy that did't know how to copy thousands of pictures they took on a recent sting operation in Tunisia and were clueless on how to copy all of them at once for a debriefing. It's ridiculous. 9. For some reason when I plug in my headphones the volume goes all the way down and stays down till I unplug it. I found that I was plugging it too fast. When I plug it in slow it's fine. Audio quality is okay. And no, I don't play borne ulitmatum and 007 theme music when I'm on mission. 10. The phone is heavy but a buff secret agent like me can handle it. Still lighter than other surveillance equipment we have. 11. Camera is great for scouting sites and valuable assets. Good low light performance gives good detail without the assets knowing we are recording them. It's not great but it is as good as a point and shoot camera w/ a Back-lighted CMOS sensor. Can select multiple images when sending e-mails. Can automatically upload high quality images and video to skydrive when connected to WiFi. 12. AT&T LTE internet is hella fast. 13. The usual Windows Phone integration features are beautiful. 14. I'm using a business plan which has unlimited LTE data plan and 1,500 messages for $35. 15. Bought a cheap case after dropping it getting out of the shower from ear level to a tiled floor. Small bump on corner but phone was working like it did from day one. Works just as good. Gorilla glass is great, dropped it from stomach level and it landed on concrete on it's face without a scratch. No need for screen protector, just a cheap case. 16. Kids zone is perfect for letting my "love interest" play games and use apps without getting to my secret stuff but beware, multi-tasking doesn't work in kids zone. If they play a game and get out of it, it'll have to load the game again and the'll lose their place if the game doesn't have auto-save. 17. Mines came with the Nokia wireless charger but I thought it would be a Micro-USB connector but it's a DC connector that you plug into a wall charger. I thought I could put the wireless charger in my super duper spy car but unless it's a Toyota Matrix w/ an integrated AC plug or you have a cigarette plug inverter I can't. With an inverter it gets bulky unless you hide it under a seat. 18. Wordament game helps me brush up on my engrish. Game is only available for Windows Phone and Windows 8. It's addicting. Download today! 19. This one time, at band camp....I have been an iPhone user for the longest time and even after the release of multiple Samsung product releases, I was unimpressed. What switched me over finally was this incredible phone. Wireless charging, a SLR like camera, NFC, and a slick new operating system. This is the phone to buy. You will not regret it.All I can say is this is truly the only phone that has covered all its bases in terms of having close to no shortfalls. It's easy to fall to cliche and say that it is better than the iPhone, but it TRULY is better than the iPhone in my opinion. Despite being a locked AT&T phone, there is extreme elasticity in terms of being able to personalize the device. From endless free apps, to absolutely seamless xbox live/facebook/twitter/email integration, this phone has surpassed all expectations. To boot, the phone was $50!(And before the 21st of April there is a rebate for $50 to $100 on top of that! The hardware is absolutely magnificent, feeling like the $500 phone that it really is(unlocked) and feeling like the supreme quality that has become associated with Nokia over the years. Furthermore, there are things like Nokia maps, Nokia drive, and Nokia transit that will give you voice directions on how to get places by car, public transportation or just plain maps(FREE). NOKIA MUSIC, wow! The coolest feature of nokia music is that you can download radio stations like on pandora but you can listen to them OFFLINE!!! Also, obviously, NFC and wireless charging. Wireless charging works fantastically. NFC touching works too. The voice recognition software is by far the best that I have ever used in my experiences. Not only did it understand me, but it understood my heavily-accented dad's accent! You can even send a message by only having to press one button. With it, you can also search the internet, call a contact, open an app, etc. -Far better speech recognition than Siri- The three dedicated buttons are absolutely fantastic and crucial. One takes you back one screen, one takes you to the home screen, and one takes you straight to searching for whatever you want! The speed of this phone is insane, particularly with the 4G feature which truly is faster. Between screens, opening apps, etc.l, this phone is enormously fast. In comparison to Lumia 900, it is much more attractive. Also it is more beautiful and the Windows 8 interface is extraordinary. Overall, the integration that this phone has, between apps and websites truly pushes far above any phone on the market today! I LOVE MY PHONE!Beautiful, fast, awesome screen. This phone feels expensive, it feels like quality. This is my first Nokia phone in years and I am so happy that I bought it. I no longer look like the crowd. This beauty stands out and I am not afraid to use it and drop it because of its quality build. I don't even notice this supposed lack of apps. The OS is fast and smooth and wow the camera is incredible especially at night. It will blow your socks off!First of all i will say a great phone. i switched from Iphone4S to this phone instead of going to iphone5. One thing baffled me is about the most of the comments written by reviewers, may be or may be not actual users of this phone. I am an actual user, i have something to say..a great buy , wonderful phone. This is my replacement of Nokia 920 within 25 days. ATT immediately dispatches the refurbished or whatever new phone. The issue i come across with this phone is that when the call proceeds beyond 2 minutes the other end of the user starts complaining they cannot hear me or the voice comes distorted. With the first phone i thought it was network issue but finally i realized it is a phone issue and at ATT Device support shop they immediately agreed after testing that the phone is defective. I was able to receive within 5 days the replacement but again the same issue, doing all soft/hard resets which annoys but with no resolution. I called Nokia, the support people told they are not aware of this issue, which was surprising to me as there are couple of forums on web which discusses about voice distortion issue in Nokia 920 and Nokia is telling they don't know.. Somehow i have a question whether it is windows issue or Nokia issue, please rectify it. Maybe it is an antenna issue.It is really annoying. The basic purpose of the phone is to communicate and rest camera or other features are secondary. I will suggest Nokia/window should come up with some updates or patches. This is a issue which needs to be addressed. I do not want again exchange the phone. The end result will be going back to Iphone, which my wife is smiling with a soft whisper that i told you to stick with Iphone.I am using freedom pop global sim card and getting 4G speed. Phone is unlock so it can operate on att and T-Mobile.I been with Amazon for more than 15 years and is the first review I make, this phone is worth it, every dime you pay for it and also every dime you don't pay as is priced extremely fair for the capabilities and features it has. You can safely leave your camera at home as the pictures are far superior to any smartphone unless is a Nokia 808 Pureview witch has 41 megapixels and is in another league. The phone does not need a screen cover or protector of any kind (has Corning Gorilla glass) , is built to last like the old Nokia phones, you can see the screen even if the sun is hitting you outdoors, is very fast and to be honest Windows 8 is a notch above Android and even IOS so happy I left behind the boring Iphones already, unless you want to stick with the same phone old people use (Iphones) no excuse not to switch. What else you want to hear, just test drive one and you are sold.Nokia proved me right. I was a customer with Apple for three years up until last week when I switched to Nokia. I was using my iPhone intensively with a lot of apps and important notes and I was worried that I'm going to miss all of that. However, I was frustrated by I phone 4s and 5 since they didn't meet higher standards that I was expecting. So I moved and I bought a black Lumia 920 .online The Lumia 920 is outstanding. very stylish, very fast, very strong camera, has a good feeling to it when you hold it as well as being so flexible and easy to use. Although it is a bit heavy, I believe that is a good thing since more attention will be paid to the phone so it will not fall off easily. I was able to find almost all of the apps that I was using in the Apple app store. You can easily play with the setting and change the whole design of the phone in a second. its so playful that you feel there are colors and pictures everywhere. Also, by choosing the black one , my move was classic and I like that. One of the best thing about this phone is the Microsoft Office package. This was an essential step why I bought this phone. You can use a version of Microsoft word, PowerPoint, excel to do work anywhere you are which is really important for my work and my college as well. Also, It took me a couple of days to get used to its feeling since I was used to apple so much. To summarize, this Nokia phone is an outstanding one. It exceeded my expectations and I believe that it is a matter of weeks for them to upload many new apps as promised by Microsoft. go to a Microsoft store, At&t branch and take a look at this phone. I'm sure you would love it. Enjoy it folks.The phone is truly amazing and very durable. I cannot keep it off my hands. I have the yellow color and I love it. This is the phone for the future and very well made.So glad I got this phone. Had been reading reviews about some of the new phones out there and was thinking of an iPhone 5 but really was interested the positive reviews about the Nokia Lumia 920's camera. The best thing about the camera is how well the pictures come out when you are indoors in poor light. They have added an image stabilized lens mounted on springs and it really works. Videos are also so much smoother. The battery life has been very good for me and it is very easy to get a full day out of the phone with 3 emails updating and 4 or 5 background tasks going on. This includes a healthy amount of web surfing and spending some time on the phone. I noticed one reviewer liking the phone but problems with syncing. I have the opposite opinion as it is so easy just to use Media Player to sync your music, photos and such to the phone. In fact it kind of feels like a blast from the past as to how easy it is to drag the music over to the phone, much like an mp3 player that I use to have. There is also a desktop program that can also be used to sync with the phone. The call quality is top notch. The phone is a bit heavier and for some this may be a problem. I personally like the solid feel and the build quality make this feel very durable. There are a few videos online showing a reviewer torturing the phone and it stands up well. Not that I am recommending taking a knife or drop testing your phone but I really think it should handle everyday use just fine. AT&T is sending me a free wireless charging pad so if you get the phone make sure to call. Was really tempted by the cyan color but it wasn't available so got the black and it is very classy looking.I current use an iPhone 5 and upgraded my Galaxy Nexus to this Nokia 920. The phone is solid and while it's heavier than other similar smartphones - they weight has not been an issue and I don't notice it in day to day use. Most of the issue with the phone seems to be around the Windows Phone 8 operating system. Bluetooth is somewhat problematic in that if you're paired listening to music or podcasts and receive an incoming SMS the phone announces it and then often drops the connection. When you try to restart the song the connection is completely silent unless you switch to another song then back. I find the call quality to be good. Some have noted that the ear volume is not very high. I've not been in a noisy environment where I can test it fully but so far no problems. Camera seems very good. I would not buy this phone solely for the camera though as it's not significantly better than most other top smartphones like iPhone 5 or Samsung. Battery life seems a little short and I've read quite a few reports that are all over the place ranging from "I only get a few hours of battery " to "I have 20% battery left at midnight when I go to bed". I'm not sure what to make of this but perhaps some is due to whether people are connecting email that is constantly polling versus setting accounts to retrieve mail hourly or every two hours. Other battery issues could be due to apps that are running amok. Overall I'm pleased with this phone. The Windows Phone 8 platform will hopefully grow and mature.The phone itself is OK. I just wish I'd done my research and realized how few apps are available for Windows phones compared to Android. Plus there is no car dock that you can "plug" it into, only generic decks that will hold it. These decks can be a hassle to get the phone in and out of, don't charge the phone and the phone doesn't register that it is in a dock so the interface doesn't change.I notice that several of the reviews on here have more than adequately described the specifics of the phone. I am so pleased with mine that I just had to come on here and say how great I think it is and also because writing this was the only way I could give it 5 stars. I noticed on the internet a few comments about the weight of the phone. I think it's perfect--it is heavy but that gives the impression of being solidly built whereas I thought the Galaxy S3 seemed a bit "flimsy" and "plasticky". I do have one tiny improvement I think Microsoft could make with relative ease. Give me back the speed dial--a feature I've always loved. Other than that, best phone I ever had!!Nokia Lumia 920 yellow simply the most beautiful phone i have ever own. I upgraded from my Samsung focus and loving the new features of windows phone 8. Loved the XBox SmartGlass app and the kids separate home page.Just got the red phone and man this has to be the best phone I have owned. I had the 900 but this is extremely fast and fluid. the only downside I would have would be weight but I really don't notice that much its awesome.This phone is beautiful, fast, and FUN to use. I switched from and iPhone. I was worried I wouldnt find all my used apps... but you dont even need them with this phone! The phone already does everything all my favorite apps did...But don't get me wrong, there are still TONS of apps in the market.. I just don't NEED them. :) It's so simple to use, but so advanced. It practically does everything for you. Brings information to your home screen. Facebook and twitter integration is seamless! The camera is PHENOMENAL. Especially in low light conditions. Battery lasts me more than a day. -Couldnt be happier with my Lumia 920!I do use my Lumia 920 for more than phone calls, but calls are still my primary purpose. A friend in Sacramento bought his Lumia 920 the same week I did, and I live in Seattle. Both of us have noticed the sound quality of the calls is extremely poor, and our calls are being constantly dropped. This was not a problem at all with our previous phones, an iphone and Samsung focus, respectively. I have heard people complain about the lack of apps, but as my husband says, "how many versions of angry birds do you need?" If you liked your windows 7 phone, as I did, you will like the windows 8 phone. It is the same OS, but with improvements. But, I'd like to have more control over organizing my information, like creating albums from my pictures on my phone, for example. If your primary use of your smart phone is to text, e-mail, search, keep track of your calendar and play games, you will probably like this phone. If you actually use it to make calls, you might find it aggravating. I did use the Skype app, and the sound quality from the video call was considerably better, with very little delay, and the video from it was clear. That being the case, I don't know why the Lumia 920's call quality was so poor. It could be Lumia or it could be the OS. I'm almost hoping it's the OS, because then at least there might be a patch at some point. Whether I'd recommend the Lumia 920 depends entirely on how a person intends to use it. Phone calls, no. Almost any other purpose, yes.Got my 920 a week ago. This phone deserves a lot of words to express how nice it is, but I'll try and sum things up for everybody. It reminds me a lot of my first girl friend; jaw dropping looks, rugged as an alligator, smooth, simple and best of all, smart. There is one noticeable difference though... it won't cost you an arm and leg to get to know it ($99 at AT&T on contract). Oh yea....I highly recommend you see, touch and use the phone for yourself, and don't believe all the mis-information that folks are posting on the web. Some have hidden agendas :-).Nokia's Windows Phone 8 flagship device is spectacular. You won't get a better display, higher quality camera, or a more dynamic OS. This phone is a winner.The Lumia 920 was originally $499 bucks two years agoBought this last April because I thought it would seamlessly interact with my Windows desktop apps. It does that nicely. Otherwise, it has been a headache. In September (only 5 months after purchase) the screen locked up. I couldn't call anyone or access anything. Neither AT&T or Nokia could fix it. It had to be replaced with another 920. Now here I am 4 months later and the second 920 phone has done the same thing. The phones have never been dropped, exposed to elements or immersed in water. I only use apps available through authorized sources. All of my apps updates are installed. Tech support said that this happens to touch screens. Seems that twice in year one is a bit much. AT&T was gracious enough to upgrade me to the 1020 for the inconvenience. Stay tuned for what I hope will be a happier review.I love this phone. It spells quality. Very good reception, excellent camera characteristics and very clear screen that you can see in daylight. Windows 8 and its apps also rock. It makes Iphone look outdated. I have not yet used wireless charging or NFC and I am looking forward to using those. The curved glass makes it look like a real beauty. Family room is great for sharing staff. Bing also now has new screens compared to lumia 900. It is a cool product.I've used an android galaxy note, and an iphone 4 for a while. But this one is the best hardware on the planet. It just needs a better app ecosystem. Developers, take notice!I'm so happy of this Phone. Camera is amazing, UI is super smooth and I love the wireless charging, I have charging pads on office desk and night stand. I never have to worry about charging anymore. Display is super bright, sharp, responsive and big! Also plenty of apps available. Nothing bad to say about this phone!I've been using this for more than couple weeks now. Everything is perfect except for the People interface is a bit mess up. Other than that everything is excellent.From the Palm Pilot days to my last Samsung Infuse Android.. I have had a lot of devices and Smart Phones. The Lumia 920 is a very well made phone with a fantastic screen. My first few days with it were wonderful, the OS is a joy to use. Easy to navigate but full of features to make things interesting. No slow downs, freezing, or resets. The choice of fonts, contrast, and screen clarity make it a joy to use. Then on day four I only made it thru half the work day... never had a battery die so quickly. I turned off wifi on day 5 and made it thru work and almost home before the battery gave up. No video use, a little music, a blue tooth headset, phone calls, a few small searches on the net, check weather and it's almost gone. I would have thought it was a bad phone but I'm seeing other users with battery issues (that they say improve over time). The only thing I'm sure that time cures is return rights. *** Update Ending up keeping the phone and yes the battery life improved. I'm not sure why and I've never had it happen on a phone before, but it was like it needed a few charges discharges to get it's full power. I would now rate this phone 6 stars (If I could). Some reviews will say it's "heavy", no it's very well made and solid. The first phone that I think could survive everyday use and drops without a case. Plus we are talking ounces here, heavy really... Best screen I have ever seen (and the Infuse was great). Clear, bright, vibrant, easy to read, and no glare. Everything just works and works well. The auto adjust on brightness is the first I have been able to leave on. Most phones try to stay on the dim side and then adjust at odd times for no reason. I never notice the Lumia adjusting, it just seems to pick up the correct brightness for the conditions and stays there. I'm in computer support so I see a lot of interfaces. The Lumia Windows OS is fantastic. Anyone who picks the phone up understands the interface within minutes. Microsoft looked at the existing systems and then designed one for actual smartphone use. It's not complicated or 10 levels deep, so everything is close to the main menu and easy to get to. No lags or slowdowns on this phone, movement is crisp. Everyone knows the camera is the best on any smartphone so that was a given. Low light shots are great and the camera stabilizes so well it looks like you used a tripod. Daylight shots are no better than any other high end smartphone but the video and low light shots are where it shines. Great Job Nokia and MicrosoftHands down the smartphone out there. Weight is not an issue-if just feels fine. Love it. Waiting for some more apps to develop, which is just a matter of timeI pre-ordered my cyan 920 so I've had it since launch. Like my Lumia 900, I'm not going to review the Windows Phone OS as much as I am going to focus on the hardware. In some cases, I am going to compare the 920 and 900. The good: - the display is smudge/fingerprint resistant; - the display resolution is a big improvement over the Lumia 900 (I believe it's slightly higher in pixel density over the iPhone 5); - the buttons and camera bezel/trim are scratch resistant; - the battery life is a significant improvement over the Lumia 900, but there is a caveat (see below); - the camera is a big improvement over the Lumia 900; - the wireless charging; The bad: - on a couple of occasions, the battery has mysteriously and rapidly drained itself. I don't know if this is a Windows Phone 8 bug or a Nokia firmware bug; - dust collects under the front facing camera; - the proximity sensor sometimes does not work (due to dust leaking in) so the screen stays dark during toast notifications or when trying to hang up a call. One fix is to blow air at the top of the phone where the front facing camera is; - there is a very, very, very tiny gap where the top of the display meets the chassis. I thought this was normal until I checked out my co-worker's red 920. His red 920 does not have this gap, however, the top of the chassis on his phone flexes and creaks when pressure is applied. Overall, I think the 920 is a good improvement over the 900. I'm a bit disappointed that flaws such as the dust getting behind the screen glass and the chassis creaks made it past testing and into production. Software issues can easily be fixed by software updates, but how do you fix hardware design flaws? Given that, I'm not sure I would recommend the 920. UPDATE - 2012-12-24 I got tired of blowing compressed air daily to clear the proximity and front-facing camera and I contacted AT&T to warranty it. Unfortunately, cyan is backordered. UPDATE - 2013-01-13 I received my replacement 920 on Mon-Jan-7. While AT&T's warranty dept was nothing but accommodating, my original order was mysteriously cancelled. Luckily, I checked my order status daily; unfortunately, AT&T didn't have a reason why my original order was cancelled. Anyway, I've had a week with the replacement 920 and so far, so good with the dust issue (there is no gap between the seal of the display and chassis). The biggest inconvenience was app and setting migration to the new unit. Windows Phone 8 has greatly improved the process over Windows Phone 7 -- it re-downloads all of your apps and it migrates most of the phone settings, but a lot of app settings and a few phone settings (i.e. tiles on homescreen) aren't migrated. The honeymoon is back and I've updated my rating.Great product - cutting edge technology everywhere. slightly heavy compared to some others, but worth it to have the best camera in any mobile phone.I will try to keep this short, I found that this phone (and all Win8 Phones) do not support Bluetooth keyboards. I wanted to have a mini keyboard to use this to type some notes, as it has Office and OneNote. Both Nokia and AT&T hide this little known fact that all keyboards are not supported with Bluetooth, as Microsoft deemed it not important I suppose. I talked with folks at Microsoft Store, and they told me that users are just suppose to browse or touch up documents, not really create new content on the phone. There are numerous other problems (I'm sure cited by other users), and the many applications one would expect to be commonplace, either don't exist or have really flawed implementations, such as having a lot of UX design flaws and huge missing functionality. The list is so huge, I could write a book. One that stood out is using e-mail: You have to configure a new application per email (yahoo, gmail, etc.) and so it isn't integrated into one app. Additionally, you can ONLY have one application per type of account, so if you had two Yahoo accounts (one for spam, one for friends, etc.) then you can only choose one of them. Thus the Yahoo email app only works with one Yahoo account. So while other systems allow you to browse all your e-mail through a single application, Microsoft forces you to use a single application per e-mail account, and only one of the same account. Essentially, Microsoft violates the path of least surprise (using what we know to work well), has poor implementation with major gaps that lack functionality, and poor user interface and experience to boot across the board, especially in e-mail. Combine this the fact that you cannot use bluetooth keyboards (or other HID devices like joysticks) despite advertising bluetooth is support (and how they all sort of hide the fact from users), this leaves a very distasteful experience...The phone is superbly fast, has a great camera, and new OS is really interesting and useful, love the live tiles it has.Let me start out by saying I like the new Windows Phone 8 software it needs to mature some but it's a great start I really love how it handle Contacts and Social Media they need to add Google chat but they partnered with Facebook) the live tiles for things like weather apps and social apps are pretty cool and I'm sure as more apps come out and mature they find great uses for that feature. That said I have returned one phone already and I'm about to return my Second because of a bad proximity sensor in the hand set. The sensors job is to turn off the screen while you hold the phone to your head this save you battery life but when you pull the phone away it should turn the screen back on. In the two phones I've had this sensor has gone bad in about two weeks on each phone. The sensor is located just above the N in Nokia on the right side of the phone just to the right of the camera lens. I've seen people say that just cleaning the screen fixes the issue for them, but that fix does not work for me I've also seen where people say blowing with canned air in the ear piece fixes it for them again not for me. The only fix that seems to work for me is to push on the glass in the upper left corner, the screen comes on and as soon as I let up off it goes. If you're really fast you can push the power switch a couple of times the screen flashes you might be able to hang up the call while it flashes The other issue I can see is that dust is under the screen by the screen side camera next to the ear piece. If a two week old phone has dust under the screen already what's going to happen in a year I'd bet you won't be able to use that camera but that's not as big a deal to me as the sensor issue. I'll wrap up by saying I'd give 4 stars to the windows phone software and 1 star to the hardware I just hope Nokia is working on a fix I hate to have to return my phone every couple of weeks.I lived with it for 10 days before returning. Hardware: -beautiful phone. -Great screen. -The camera lens on the back is in the perfect spot for scratching if you don't plan on using a case. -Headphone jack was finicky when connecting to car for playing podcasts. Sometimes had to stop playback before plugging it in, otherwise a loud distortion would repeat a few times. -Wireless charging sounds cool, but the base never arrived. Windows phone 8: -Nice platform, very unique style. -The animations seem to devastate battery life. Standby battery life was unbelievable...if it was off the charger all day with little to no use, it would still by >90% at the end of the day. But while using it for internet browsing, opening and installing apps, I could literally watch the battery drain way too fast. -Too many Apps on the market are terrible. Just read the reviews on some of the staple Apps. -Nokia maps are not as good as Google maps. They were painful to live with when out of town for a few days. -Voice input is not as well integrated as I'm used to on Android...you should be able to use voice input on any input box in any App. I'll give Windows Phone another shot in 6 months or a year, it still has a long way to go and I'm not willing to get stuck in a 2 year contract with it just yet.I've owned this phone for about 7 months now and its awful! The battery life is terrible, it won't even last six hours with moderate usage, its very heavy and thick compared to any other smartphone but the biggest problem is that the Windows store is pathetic! It hardly has any games or apps and it even makes you pay for Angry Birds and other old games that are free on Android or ITunes, and when you compare the apps and games of the Windows Store to Android and ITunes the apps and games on the Windows store are very outdated. You're better of staying away from WP8, because you'll be regretting it for two years like I do.I am on day 4 of this phone and I love it! I researched it for 2 weeks prior to getting it, and the thing that worried me most was the reviews on the battery. On the first day I had it, it lasted 6 hours, which I expected, due to it being in the box for who knows how long. I charged it, after letting it go completely dead and got a good 16 hours out of it the next day. The third day 24 hours, and today I have 72% battery life with having charged it 15 hours ago. I have been streaming music and surfing the internet. I chose this phone over the iphone. UPDATE: Had this phone for maybe 6 months, took amazing care of it, as I do all phones I own. This phone dropped twice, both times were just from a couple feet. The first time it dropped I had to do a soft reset to get it to come back. The second time it dropped, the phone stopped working. I know, I know, I dropped it, my fault, yes, I get it, however, to have two minor drops and stop working is complete garbage in my book! Also, the battery was pretty decent the first month, but by the time of the phone's demise, I was having to charge it twice a day, and I rarely talk on this phone. I now regret choosing this phone over the iphone. I know a lot of people who have put their iphones through the ringer and their phones look gnarly, but they are still working. 2nd Update, I'm changing my stars to 4, the battery in my first phone was the real problem and att's warranty department took care of it. When I did a hard reset of my phone, the battery got so hot and it melted the sim card and that is what caused the phone to die. I'm on my new phone now and the battery works just fine. I also have a case for this phone. I do think though, that the iphone still might be a lot more durable, but I love how this phone operates.Had to return the phone. There are quite a number of major flaws that are not acceptable for 2013 smartphone's standards. BATTERY LIFE IS HORRIBLE. Nokia packed so much tech, and a huge battery but that still didn't help. A lot of headphones with built-in mic don't work. Volume sometimes works only for music and not for phone ringtone, and vise versa. Still no Apps. LTE works like crap on AT&T, and I only had 9Mbs down while my friends iPhone 5 on AT&T same LTE was getting close to 22MBs!!! Nokia maps and Bing integration just blows more than Apple's Maps fiasco. I searched for a club that was 2 blocks away from me, the phone found another club, 5 miles away with different name. For a smartphone, it's quite dumb. Micro USB cable charges fast only if you use the one that came with the phone, which is BS. Typing is not faster than iPhone and way behind than Android Jelly Bean keyboard. Voice commands sound more like a gimmick and had no real use for me, maybe for someone who's blind or disabled, even then it doesn't understand what you tell the phone to do. Microsoft is loosing the game quite badly, come on. Software company with so much development and research can figure these things out.Great phone -- BUT... It crashes several times a day and I am unable to get the new firmware. My Lumia 920 (open phone) is on the Vodafone network in Hungary. Nokia tells me see my network provider. Vodafone does not have the Lumia 920 here yet, so no firmware. Grrrrrr. Do NOT buy the Lumia 920 unless you can get the latest firmware!!! UPDATE 9/7/2013: You can flash the latest firmware by downloading the Nokia Software Updater here: [...] -- My phone hasn't crashed since I flashed it some months ago! UPDATE 9/14/2013: The GDR2 and Amber update are awesome. I love Glance, DataSense and all the updated Nokia apps!I will try to keep this short, I found that this phone (and all Win8 Phones) do not support Bluetooth keyboards. I wanted to have a mini keyboard to use this to type some notes, as it has Office and OneNote. Both Nokia and AT&T hide this little known fact that all keyboards are not supported with Bluetooth, as Microsoft deemed it not important I suppose. I talked with folks at Microsoft Store, and they told me that users are just suppose to browse or touch up documents, not really create new content on the phone. There are numerous other problems (I'm sure cited by other users), and the many applications one would expect to be commonplace, either don't exist or have really flawed implementations, such as having a lot of UX design flaws and huge missing functionality. The list is so huge, I could write a book. One that stood out is using e-mail: You have to configure a new application per email (yahoo, gmail, etc.) and so it isn't integrated into one app. Additionally, you can ONLY have one application per type of account, so if you had two Yahoo accounts (one for spam, one for friends, etc.) then you can only choose one of them. Thus the Yahoo email app only works with one Yahoo account. So while other systems allow you to browse all your e-mail through a single application, Microsoft forces you to use a single application per e-mail account, and only one of the same account. Essentially, Microsoft violates the path of least surprise (using what we know to work well), has poor implementation with major gaps that lack functionality, and poor user interface and experience to boot across the board, especially in e-mail. Combine this the fact that you cannot use bluetooth keyboards (or other HID devices like joysticks) despite advertising bluetooth is support (and how they all sort of hide the fact from users), this leaves a very distasteful experience...5 huge stars for Windows Phone 8 os. 2 stars for the Lumia 920 phone. I pre-ordered this phone so I have had it from day 1. This review is written after almost 5 months of use so I write from experience. Microsoft outdone themselves this time. Office 365 works so well between the phone and my windows 8 pc. The operating system has so much going for it. Very well designed and a huge upgrade from the tired old iPhone os. The biggest problem is of course the available apps or lack of. And after 5 months of waiting they aren't coming either, at least not as quickly as Microsoft promised. Minus the apps, the phone operating system gets 5 stars overall. There are a few annoyances with the music app and synchronizing between my desktop and the phone. Otherwise I love windows phone 8. But I hate Nokia Lumia 920. I tried hard to love this phone but it has let me down so many times with hardware problems. I should have known from day one because the first phone I got failed to connect to any data network. After days of troubleshooting with AT&T they sent another one. Still occasionally the phone loses signal for hours when other persons with the same provider are talking away. Nokia Lumia 920 goes blank with no human provocation. I have missed my alarm several times because the phone died in the middle of the night even with a full charge. The only way to bring it back to life is to do a soft reset (power + volume down buttons). Not a reliable alarm clock. Nokia Lumia 920 battery is unreliable. Some days I spend the entire day on one full charge. Other days the phone simply dies after a few hours, without even using the phone. Not sure is this is the fault of the OS. This happens sometimes even with no apps running in the background. I have taken all the steps to minimize battery drain, still this happens very frequently and is very unpredictable. I have no idea what drains my battery and why sometimes it is still almost full after an entire day. The headphone jack is problematic after 5 months. My music now switches to the next tune simply by moving the headphone jack. So in order to listen to an entire song with the phone in my pocket I have to walk in slo-mo. But on the positive I can switch to the next song simply by wiggling. Pretty awesome feature if you ask me. On the plus side Nokia has some pretty great apps including the navigation. The camera is as solid as they claimed. The phone is very nicely done and I like the large size, looks like a manly man's phone next to my wife's puny iPhone 5. I only wish I didn't get the red one, it just don't look manly especially when my daughter changes the theme to pink. Anyway, that is my review after 5 months of use. Hope you found it useful. Seek reviews from persons who have had the phone for a while and have some experience with it. Had I written this review 4 months ago it would have been 5-stars.I think lumia is overall a good phone. but just hard ware. almost perfect but OS..... microsoft wp8 is bad. I can not find app like xueqiuI got this phone and ran into a lot of trouble. Even the factory repair didn't fix a log of things. Their GPS loses connection often. The offline maps are really not offline ( you can't search). Drops calls like crazy in california. I see 4-5 bars in other phones with at&t where this phone shows only 2-3 bars or lower. No service bug. Often goes out and displays "no service". After dealing with Nokia so many times, they're giving a run around without any fix for the problem. I really wanted to return this phone to them, and get my money back! The phone seems fast and shiny, but that's about it. I regret my purchase! Should have gone with HTC or some other windows phone. The main thing is the phone call quality and gps quality. And if that doesn't work well, everything else is of no use. Doesn't make sense to carry this heavy brick around compared to other phones.The phone is a very solid build when I first have it. But then two problems came: 1. The front face camera leaks dust and now it has accumulated so much dust that the camera is not usable. 2. The proxy sensor issue where phone immediately goes dark during a phone call even if I am not near the phone. From the little research I have done, the above two problems are very common issue and have no resolution. And I have contacted Nokia, and these issues are not even covered in warranty. I am very disappointed. I will go get myself a new phone after 4-5 month use of Lumia 920.I am not happy with the Nokia 920. I have owned it for three months. I bought it because it was supposed to have the best camera. Yes it has a Zeiss lens. But the camera is HORRIBLE! It opens up to a wide angle , as do most digital cameras, with no option to change that distortion. The color balance it way off into the blue purple range. Of course I can correct the color balance but I can't correct the distortion. It takes too long to process an image so the camera is useless for people or anything that moves. If you subject is complicated it can take up to 10 seconds for the camera to decide to focus and shoot, again way tooo long. The phone reviews boast that you can use the camera with out turning on the phone, but the button is hard to press and takes 7 seconds to open, too long , a missed shot. The photos app , to view your photos, be it ones that you took with the camera, ones from sky drive, or ones that you down loaded has a bug. When you access this app the images , and menu appears scrambled. It takes two or three attempts to get this app to function. I have to tried to contact Nokia many times, they just send me a no -reply email. The phone is heavy, and larger in dimensions then most, I'm told that is because of the camera. This presents a problem fitting it into pockets, and a problem with car mounts described below. The battery life is HORRILBE, if you are using the phone it's a max four hours, even though the phone will tell you 18 hours left! The only way to get decent battery life is to turn EVERYTHING down. That is the brightness of the screen, the screen time to thirty seconds, etc, etc, GPS, even off line, eats up the battery completely, so you have to run it on a charger. Even in the longest screen time, it is a pain to keep on turning on the screen so that you can see a map while you are driving. GPS is in Beta stage, still with mistakes and not as easy to use as a Garmin or Tom-tom ( we own both.) In my case I could not find a car phone mount that was compatible with the phone and my car a sante fe hundai. Due to the weight of the phone the phone falls off of the window. It is also big enough to cause a considerable blind spot. If I placed the phone jack to left of the wheel, the power cord ( it need to be on the charger) interferes with the wheel. No jack stuck to the dash board successfully. This situation makes it impossible to see a gps or answer a phone for a quick " I will call you back " as the phone has to sit in a cup holder. Music quality of the phone is flat and Tinny. I do not play any games so I can't comment . There ARE a decent amount of APPs available for the phone, although I have been disappointed with all that I've paid for. The trial is not a trial just a description and then the app offers nothing , so I have to do a web search. Most of the free apps have been decent. (BTW although I am a paid subscriber to WSJ their app is only video content, not their news paper.) This phone is sold exclusively thought ATT. The people in the store know nothing about the phone, including how to use it or how to set it up. Right out the door they set the phone up to be located in Turkmenistan( !!) , not USA and I could not find the right settings window to change it. This wrong setting caused and error message when I tried to down load any APP saying I was in the wrong region ( I am located in the Seattle and I was in the wrong region to load the Seattle Times! Oy! !! ) The people at a "Windows store" helped. Dealing with ATT is excruciating. Don't listen to ATT false advertising, tremendous amount of call drop. As I live in Seattle (think Microsoft) many of the potential customers in the ATT store were jazzed about the phone and the online reviews mis-lead me to think this was the best product for my needs. On the up side the windows tiles are great. Also as I am a MSN customer, the link to Outlook is helpful.Think twice about buying one. I did a lot of research and still got stuck with what I consider to be a poor product. It looks great, has a nice camera and display, and the Nokia apps are nice, for the most part. However, that means nothing if you have to turn off just about everything to keep the battery alive, or when it randomly crashes on a regular basis. I'm 17 days in now, and I have nothing but regret about this purchase. Wait a minute, are you looking for a Lumia 920? Forget what I said, would you be interested in buying mine?Too many issues! First, it scratched immediately! I had my Droid 2 for *two* years before I got a scratch on it! I've been more careful with the 920 but it has multiple scratches from careful handling- poor!!! I have other devices with "gorilla glass" and they haven't scratched. Nokia's gorilla glass is sub standard! No apps! Bing Maps is HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!! Worse than useless!!! Volume in calls and speaker phone- too low! Cannot set specific volume for incoming call ring, incoming call volume, or notifications, etc. How hard is this? I don't want every text notification super loud but I don't want to have to turn up the volume each time someone calls. Can't set your own notification sounds. And at first you couldn't even hear the ring tones or notifications tones to choose the sound! No cursor while typing. You have to retype the whole word! And since it adds a 'b' everytime the space bar is hit, that is a PAIN!!! Battery randomly just completely exhausts itself. Same environment day& useage after day, one day the phone is 50% by 5pm, next day dead. No predictability! No good warning the phone is low either! The phone is slippery! It tries to slide out of pockets! I've caught it but one day it will fall... wonder if it will survive that and how many scratches the "gorilla" glass will have then.... Won't turn sidewise for larger keyboard in many apps like Facebook. Syncs poorly with email. To avoid data issues I have to choose the sync every 15min instead of constant and it doesn't even keep all my email on the phone. If I want to go to a folder, I have to download that specific folder! Really? Why don't I have acces to my email like I did with Blackberry and Droid?? If I'm typing an email, text, or Facebook post and the phone goes to sleep, the text typed is lost :( Did I mention the no apps?? Seriously, no good shopping list, can't use Google maps, the Calendar app is weak with minimal ability to adjust events no ability for multiple reminders. Sure, they have their own Cloud but I don't want everything on the Cloud. I want things on my phone where I have quicker acces and don't pay more data useage fees. Shame on AT&T for making the phone function to increase data useage!!! Way to screw your customer. I also don't care who owns Google, Bing or whatever. I've had a gmail account for years. So have many people. All phone companies should make thier phones work well with standard emails such as gmail, hotmail... I want to access Drive easily as well. I do not want to have to switch to a new provider each time I get a new phone, or stick to one brand of phone. The propietary stuff is ridiculous, antiquated and serves no customer. Get with the program and make phones that are work for customers and don't try to lock people into one thing. All in all- this phone is *NOT* ready for Prime Time and a severe disappointment. It's 2months old, and looks like 2yrs old with hard use. Since there are no apps and so many problems/bugs, it spends more time sitting quietly than any other phone I've had so how does it look so bad so quickly.I will try to keep this short, I found that this phone (and all Win8 Phones) do not support Bluetooth keyboards. I wanted to have a mini keyboard to use this to type some notes, as it has Office and OneNote. Both Nokia and AT&T hide this little known fact that all keyboards are not supported with Bluetooth, as Microsoft deemed it not important I suppose. I talked with folks at Microsoft Store, and they told me that users are just suppose to browse or touch up documents, not really create new content on the phone. There are numerous other problems (I'm sure cited by other users), and the many applications one would expect to be commonplace, either don't exist or have really flawed implementations, such as having a lot of UX design flaws and huge missing functionality. The list is so huge, I could write a book. One that stood out is using e-mail: You have to configure a new application per email (yahoo, gmail, etc.) and so it isn't integrated into one app. Additionally, you can ONLY have one application per type of account, so if you had two Yahoo accounts (one for spam, one for friends, etc.) then you can only choose one of them. Thus the Yahoo email app only works with one Yahoo account. And I should also note that the Yahoo sync is dysfunctional, it gets email sometime, and it cannot sync past emails. So while other systems allow you to browse all your e-mail through a single application, Microsoft forces you to use a single application per e-mail account, and only one of the same account. Essentially, Microsoft violates the path of least surprise (using what we know to work well), has poor implementation with major gaps that lack functionality, and poor user interface and experience to boot across the board, especially in e-mail. Combine this the fact that you cannot use bluetooth keyboards (or other HID devices like joysticks) despite advertising bluetooth is support (and how they all sort of hide the fact from users), this leaves a very distasteful experience...The phone is great and everything, but when you go and try to get apps or especially games, there is hardly a selection and the ones they have completely look like trash, just garbage compare to other product selections. Bottom line no cool games on this phone, Also some apps and games will freeze up the phone and cause it to heat up and lose all its battery power in like an hour. ridiculous! I have it plug in to the wall and I'm using it and it still loses all it's power. Bottom if you don't care for games! or apps! then get this phone! hah! ****ing MS they never fail to dissappoint! yeah im bitter ^.^By stop hiring guns to artificially boost up your phone ratings at Amazon. Lumia 900 was a show case of robot reviews. When I am writing this, Lumia 920 has already received five reviews, all of them 5-star. All but one has written a review of another product other than Lumia 920. DBLA (1 review in total) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A1S7GEDIIDVLKG/ref=cm_cr_dp_pdp jthom (2 reviews) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2A941MKMDREPG/ref=cm_cr_dp_pdp Sup Karma (1 review) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A4SUJVO0D8DM9/ref=cm_cr_dp_pdp Ramiro Watson (4 reviews, ALL on different colors of Lumia 920 with different titles) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A1GU6PSZG155ND/ref=cm_cr_pr_pdp joseasilvestre (1 review) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A3RR13YM1XGXNU/ref=cm_cr_pr_pdpI've had a Nokia in the past and was pleased with the quality, hand feel, and overall functionality, so I decided to give this one a shot. I specifically wanted a Windows phone. The interface is great - intuitive and fairly easy to use. Set up was a snap. The only issue I had with this phone overall was sim card access. There is a small key you use to pop the latch to open the sim card slot. It is extremely difficult to make this work correctly. A google search will show that this is a common issue, and I hope Nokia has moved to address it in subsequent models. The phone is MUCH larger than my last one, but I waited 3 years to get a new one so that's not a surprise. I found it fairly easy to adapt to the new size. The screen size is great - I can actually surf with this one - and the touch screen is pretty responsive as well. The onscreen keyboard is easy to use. For base functionality, it's great. I find that the camera is excellent for portraits. I brought the phone to the beach when I took my granddaughters and got some extremely nice pictures - good enough to print and display. The conditions were high contrast and low light - it seemed to handle both quite well. Overall, I'm extremely glad I got this phone. I am hoping to stay with the Nokia/Windows combination from now on.Nokia has always had the best sound and signal quality. Unfortunately, people in the US don't know Nokia well. In my opinion, a smartphone should be a good "phone" first and that's what Iphone and Galaxy are NOT. Their sound quality litterally sucks. If you are in a very noisy area, your Iphone or your Galaxy are useless. You should leave the place and go to a more quite place. Nokia has sophisticated noise reduction algorithms and gives you a very clear sound qulity in every environment. If you haven't had a high quality phone before you won't realize what you are missing. Exactly like driving a Luxary car comparing to a Kia. If you have never used a good car, you will be okay with your Kia or Ford. Their noise doesn't bother you. their poor suspension system doesn't bother you, their uncomfortable seat doesn't bother you. However, if you drive a good car for a while you know how bad those cars are. My wife bought an Iphone and returned it in two weeks and I totally agreed with her that the sound quality of the Iphone was horrible. It doesn't end there. This phone has the best quality camera, its display is amazing. The Microsoft live tile is very creative idea. The user interface is simply the best. It's beautiful and smooth. In fact iOS 7 is copying lots of things from Windows Phone. Apple always said they would never make a phone with bigger screens however, their next Iphone will have a 5" display. Put a Nokia Lumia 920 next to an Iphone and you will see how outdated the Iphone looks. All these things mean that Apple is so behind the technology/design now. As of applications, there hasn't been anything that we missed in Windows Phone store. Most of people have fewer than 100 applications on their smart phones and there are more than 150,000 apps in WIndows Phone store now.My parents were up for upgrading their phone and decided to get this since AT&T didn't have the 925 or 928. The camera is gorgeous. The screen is gorgeous as well. Back of the phone is a bit slippery, but it's acceptable. Phone is a bit wide, but I'm just being picky at this point. The fact that it has Chinese and ease of use were the reasons for the purchase.The phone showed up with no charger, every corner of the phone is damagedI know people always talk about the number of apps, but this has all the apps I've ever wanted. Plus the built-in OS is so nice an fluid. The camera is great in low light. I'm really looking forward to the new Nokia/Windows Phone software that the Lumia 1020 already has though.Do not buy! My phone has overheated and burned up. I am trying to get this straightened out with Amazon. So far, nothing has happened. Very disappointed, very!Perfect. Its fast, has alot of features and is rugged in feel and takes great photos. The application store is a bit lacking, but overall its a good phone. Note, this phone has a huge screen so may be more bulky than people may want.I love this phone. Great pictures, great video. Everything works like a charm. The battery performance is good; at first, it seemed to power down swiftly but now it is fine.After more than 30 but less than 90 days this phone stopped holding a charge. Now it is dead. Neither Breed nor Amazon will do anything about it.Rock solid phone with great camera. Even when available some apps are not quite ready.As long as you're not an app collector, this works great.Best phone ever. More than expected. Got my wife similar.This is the best phone I've ever had. I blow my friends' phones out of the water .I'm constantly getting complimented on it's style as well.I just got my new phone this week and it is absolutely great. I still have a great deal to learn about it, but am looking forward to learning.Look nice,good LCD screen,easy to use,it just window phone not popular any more,Nokia may out business but still a nice phoneand I have tried A LOTTTTTT of phones:0 Highly recommend it!! I got a co-worker to purchase it as well after trying minethe batter was pretty beat. it lasts around 3 hours.This is one of the best phones I used in a while. I've had an iPhone 3.x and 4.x and the Nokia 900 over the past few years... and I really like each one of those phones. But, the Nokia 920 blows them all away! It feels solid in your hand. The screen is crisp and clear to read... even outside. The price point is absolutely unbelievable! The camera takes fantastic pictures! Wireless charging is something you won't be able to live without after you get it! I went for the Yellow 920 and I couldn't be happier. I love the glossy finish! Aside from feeling solid, it just feels nice to the touch! I'm very happy I didn't choose an extra row of icons, never mind the extra cost (the iPhone 5) over the Nokia 920! If you been considering going with a Windows Phone, you just need to go do it! You won't be sorry!Nokia Lumia 900 was OK, but Lumia 920 will surpass your expectations! One thing you will love immediately is the Screen. It is gorgeous, bright and crisp! Windows Phone 8 makes the 920 look even better with all the tiles in the Home Screen. Your home screen isn't just a screen with static icons anymore! Yes, you might not find some of your favorite apps if you are moving from iPhone, but if you are looking for something new, fresh and something that reflects YOU, then you should try Windows Phone. Lumia 920 is a great device to give that chance. Camera is another feature that you will love! Cinmeagraph is fun! And the photo quality is great! I did notice few issues with battery and Bluetooth usage. There are also some reports of constant reboots in the Nokia forums, but I haven't experienced those. Nokia Drive Beta app is the culprit that drains your battery like anything! But hey, its a beta app and I think it is expected. With regards to Bluetooth, sometimes it will not connect to my car's Bluetooth. Will have to switch off and switch on Bluetooth to make it work. Just to be clear that these issues might very well be related to the OS and Nokia can fix it with an update. It does not have a SD card extension but hey you get a massive 32GB storage! You can store a lot of things with 32GB! And with apps like SkyDrive, Box etc., you can keep your contents in the cloud so you can access it across your other devices. And yes, NFC Tap + Send is AWESOME! :)This has been the best phone I've ever owned. Previous smartphone use was an iphone4, which is a good phone, but it is boring and stagnant by comparison. I was going to get an iphone5, but think Apple flopped big time on that one and decided to venture into the uncharted windows waters. I am glad I did. The live tiles are very cool, the camera on this phone takes stellar night photos and video, and the customization makes it very cool. Being able to pin tiles to the start screen of the people you contact most is awesome - 1 click and you get a screen where you can text/email/call with just one more click. The voice activated function works pretty well and the speech recognition is good, especially with microsoft's translator app which is very cool (text and voice translations). Nokia music rocks as well, you can download upto 4 music collections to use offline and they have very good songs in every collection I've checked out. Phone feels very solid and the yellow color is a stunner. Screen is bright and vibrant, especially compared to the iphone. I really like how the e-mail syncs and the way texts look with a black background and white writing. Battery has to be seasoned in order to work properly - charge to 100%, drain till it turns itself off, charge up to 100%, drain again, then charge back up and you should get full use of the battery. Pretty much everyone is doing this and it is no big deal. Highly recommend this one. App selection has been pretty good, albeit some local merchants or smaller retailers haven't come on board yet, hopefully they will when this thing takes off.Having had in the past HTC's, Nokia N81 unlocked(which was my favorite and in my opinion the most advanced at the time, expect for iPhones keyless keyboard) iPhones and Samsung galaxy2. I was in the market for an upgrade. Judging from past experiences and researching and reading reviews...I knew I didn't want another iPhone, as many have said not much innovation thru the years(my Nokia N81 had video calling 6yrs ago even thou no carriers in the USA provided the service)yes some tweaks here and there, yes they are lighter but most definitely more fragile. I see many people walking around with cracked screens especially iPhones and galaxy 3s, the one great thing about the iPhone 3GS was it's build and quality it can take a beating and not break. I was very close to purchasing a galaxy 3 nice looking screen good sound better than iphone 5 in my opnion, but something about the build didn't quite convince me so I decided to wait for the Nokia Lumia 920 and check it out (wasn't ever interested in Samsungs Note 2, way to large). I'm glad I waited for the 920 It feels like a premium device it reminds me of the iPhone 3GS great quality, the screen is beautiful, the color options are great(got a yellow one), Windows 8 OS works great for me the live tiles are a breath of fresh air you run you finger along the screen everything has a smooth feel, great speakers, the Nokia apps are great Nokia music pretty much unlimited music, Nokia city lens is an innovative app, Nokia offline GPS app and on are all free. NFC, Yes finally wireless charging, I lost count of how many chargers I've purchased for my Iphone. Last but not least...the camera it's awesome in dark light conditions its like magic you can't believe it, and it shoots great videos as well with image stabilization...having kids this phone is great don't have to worry about carrying a separate camera. Some people say the 920 might be on the hefty side, but if you put a case on your phone the weight is about the same, the 920 doesn't need a case checkout the YouTube videos out there. The App Store doesn't have nearly as many apps available that you can get on a iPhone or Android stores, but I have most of what I need. The OS is new so more apps will be available soon, I can see the difference in the month I've had the device they've multiplied. Some minor things might need to be tweaked with the OS, but I've been getting updates which is good, they seem to be addressing the issues.I got this phone a couple weeks after it came out. The camera is great, and was the best at release, which is what really drew me in to this product. HTC has since caught up and Nokia has blown by the competition once again with the Lumia 1020, but the camera on the 920 is still really solid and performs better than any Galaxy or iPhone (I've tested it myself, but there are plenty of comparisons around the internet). Now I feel it necessary to say I've been pretty firmly ingrained in Microsoft's ecosystem for some time, even before I got this phone, so switching from my buggy Samsung wasn't hard at all for me. I use Outlook, Skydrive, Xbox, Skype... you name the Microsoft product and I probably already used it. Still, the mail app works well with any domain (I've got a couple Gmail accounts synced to me phone, too) and if you don't already use SkyDrive, making the switch is as easy as copy and pasting from Dropbox. There are only a few "must have" apps still missing from the Windows Phone marketplace, but if the missing service is sufficiently popular there will almost always be a third party alternative to an official app (like with Instagram) so from my point of view the Windows Phone marketplace is just fine. I never try to find an app and come up empty handed, is what I'm saying. I'm sure there are some rare and specific apps that are missing and you absolutely MUST buy an iPhone, but for a casual user Windows Phone should be just fine. And even if there is something missing from Windows Phone that you'll miss (I admit there were a couple Android apps I was sorry to leave behind), there are so many great features built into the OS that make it by far my favorite. The People Hub is a great way to sort out contacts and make your social feeds more accessible, and you can make it so Facebook messages feed into the texting app, making conversations with your friends a bit more streamlined (and allowing you to easily converse over wifi). There are lots of other cool Windows Phone exclusive features that are worth checking out, but, you know, you have Google (or Bing, I guess). The fact that it never ever crashes is also great, though I hear since I ditched Android it's become more stable. I mentioned the camera earlier, but that's not the only great thing about the hardware. The screen is fantastic. It doesn't have the highest resolution ever, but it's still plenty HD and at normal viewing distances it looks perfect. It can be read in bright sunlight, with or without sunglasses. Super sensitive touch means you can use it with gloves, which would be great if I didn't live in Texas, I'm sure. Nokia's build quality is famous, and this phone is no exception. I've dropped it on concrete several times now, and nothing beyond a dent on the corner has marred my phone. I'd say it's invincible, but I imagine if you dropped it face first it might still shatter. It feels great in the hand thanks to the pleasant glossy material (it kind of sticks to my hands, which makes it slip resistant and also kind of icky, so you may want to get a black or blue one, because they have a different finish) and the curved screen is just really nice aesthetically and in terms of touch. In the end, if you're new to the smartphone scape, I wholeheartedly suggest getting a Windows Phone (preferably a Nokia). If you currently use another phone OS (iPhone, Android, Blackberry etc.) then you should give Windows Phone a careful look. It offers many things that other operating systems don't, and the only hardware manufacturer that gives Nokia a run for its money is HTC. I'm glad I made the switch.Have had my 920 yellow for a week now - it's an amazing phone. The screen is big, bright, and vivid. Can't wait for tablets that are this good! The IE10 browser is FAST. I've gone from reading text email on the phone with just a little web browsing, to reading almost all email on the phone - cuz it's that fast and readable. The GPS and other sensors are almost instant. This a core part of Nokia's business, and it shows. I've just begun to delve into the camera - so far it certainly is sharp and clear, and can take shots in very low light - without the fuzz of my previous phone, and high-end point & shoot camera. Windows Phone 8 is so much better than 7 / 7.5 (which was really good) - added functions and customize-ability is better than anything else out there - Some apps still need to catch up - Live Tiles just need the imagination and code from a good programmer and add so much to what the phone can do. The apps that use them well make notification, updates, and status so easy. Oh, and the wireless charging pad really makes it easy to keep the phone charged at my desk - just by setting it down between uses.The phone has a really great screen, with currently the highest resolution available on any Windows Phone, (and quite high for any phone). The phone is extremely fast and takes great pictures. The yellow exterior is very tough and resists scratching well. I have received many positive comments on the phone's unique color and design. The Windows Phone store is filled with fantastic apps that take advantage of the platform. More apps are released every day and Microsoft and Nokia have been constantly adding improvements and features to this phone. Highly recommended!What an amazing phone, but the yellow stole my heart. The Windows phones seem to be leading the way when it comes to color, and why not? They are special and unique phones, why shouldn't they stand out? Of all the flavors of 920 you can get, the Yellow is the stand out. Back to the phone. By now you've heard about how great the case is. I really like the curve that molds the phone to my hand. I'm torn though. The case is strong enough to keep as is, but can I afford to see my yellow phone scuffed? Torn. If I get a skin, it will be clear. What an OS. The Windows Phone 7 OS was innovative, fast and a breeze to use. The 920 is in all ways even better. No matter the OS you come from, you will love Windows 8. Who would have thunk it that Microsoft would be the lead innovator? Yet we've seen with Windows 8, Windows Phone 8 and Surface that it's true. Get this phone, or a color of your choice. You won't regret it.The phone itself if of a solid, durable and gorgeous build. The camera is superb, and the screen is crisp and bright, even in direct sunlight. WP8 OS is slick, fast and responsive. If you can unchain your brain from the iOS model of smart phones, then you will find that this thing is amazingly intelligent and efficient in its design. Third part apps still need to spend some more time, but now that spotify is available, I cannot think of anything that is missing from my phone. Its a great experience to use. Snobbish as this may sound, I like whipping out a phone that not everybody and their grandma has... I am always asked about it.Excellent phone! Would recommended to everyone! So happy with it!!! Worth every minute of waiting! Thanks Nokia and MSFT! Excellent apps, connection, good battery life and it looks INCREDIBLE!!! Just its camera and maps makes it the phone of the year!I bought this phone from AT&T. This is the best phone I have ever owned. It's Fast, clean and fits in my hand. The screen is very bright and large. I liked it so much I bought my wife one too. Their are so many apps for it and Nokia does a great job of giving free apps. I like this better then the HTC since the screen is larger and Nokia has a larger steak in getting their phones into the market. This is the only phone that has wireless charging built in and the NFC transfer is really cool. One word, buy this phone!by far the best phone I have ever had it just does everything extremely well right size its not heavy despite what other people saySo you know where I am coming from in regards to my review, I upgraded from a HTC Titan so, to say the least, there is improvements in practically every phone feature for me. The camera is stellar, it takes great 1080p video, and it can focus and take pictures in low-light. The auto-focus is fast. The only thing not improved over the HTC Titan is that the front-facing camera is still only 1.2mp. The call quality is greatly improved - as there was a serious issue with the first batch of HTC Titans having extremely poor call quality. People are now telling me that they can hear me a lot better than before. The LTE data speeds are phenomenal. The phone itself is faster and moves through applications a lot quicker. I like the feel of the phone, it rests better in my hand because of the curved back. It feels slightly heavier, but not that much compared to the HTC Titan. The screen is gorgeous and it is quite viewable in direct sunlight. I am extremely impressed because now I can take a picture is the sunny outdoors and not struggle to view the screen. I like the yellow color - as I can now find it in my purse..lol. It's a pretty, bright color. I was tiring of the black phones I've had. The glossy shell does not feel slippery to me, like some people have mentioned. The overall build quality feels and looks quite solid. What I especially like about this phone is that it is a Nokia phone. They listen to their customers and are providing updates and fixes to their phones. HTC never sent out an update the entire two years I had it. When I first started using this phone (Lumia 920), I browsed through the settings and clicked on "phone update" and low and behold there was an update waiting for me. Nokia has proven to be a quality phone manufacturer and I will be sticking with them as long as they keep the quality up.What can I say, this is my 2nd one. The other is the red. It is too bad that not more people like this phone. It must be something I missed on the other phone. Nice and solid design, looks good. Other may not like this phone I think because it came out a little late and people are already have a sense of loyalty to their brand. Give it time, I think Nokia will be more popular,Phone looks new and works great. Runs smooth and no problem connecting it to AT&T. All the apps I could want were available (Facebook, Netflix, Spotify, etc.) Really great price for a surprisingly awesome phone.its ok but i really like the 1120 better than this modelbeautiful phone. easy to use, durable, and priced right. had to search a little to find it in yellow and it was a little more expensive than other colors, but well worth it. only down side to windows phones; no sd expansion slot. no problem with this phone though, because it has 32G of memory! my desktop doesn't have that! awesome camera too. well done nokia.very nice phone! get it for my daughter to relace her iphone.great phone!Good hard core phone.I've had two Lumia 900s, both suffered drops that cracked the screen (though they also made it safely through quite a few drops, I am a klutz). So I decided to get the 920, and I am thrilled with it. It comes in some gorgeous colors (bright yellow!), and it has such a beautiful and sleek form factor that I'm loathe to put it in a case (hence my blue Lumia 900's vulnerability to drops). It gets excited looks and questions wherever I go. Last week I took it out during a meeting with about 15 of our marketing folks (predominantly young guys), and it ended up getting passed around the room with lots of positive chatter - until the conversation turned to apps. I agree, it has most of the apps I want, but not all of the ones that I used consistently on my iPhone, and that has been the downfall of Nokia phones in recent history. The marketing campaign for the 900 was all about how everyone had been a smartphone beta tester, and this was the real deal. Followed closely by a software glitch bad enough that Nokia then gave a credit to everyone who bought a subsidized phone that made the phone FREE. I'm sad to say there are still some big problems with the Lumia line. This Lumia has had some rebooting issues, the short battery life is still a big letdown (you are running on vapors by the end of every day), and it's hefty. It fits in a pocket, but you really feel it, especially if you sit down. All in all, however, I do love this phone and I love having something that not everyone else has. PROS *Form Factor: it's different, and gorgeous, and a conversation starter. People want it, or want to try it. *Camera: It has a great 8.7 megapixel camera with optical image stabilization (Carl Zeiss, as always with Nokia) and takes good images even inside my house even with curtains drawn. Sharp. *Screen: 4.5 inch screen with gorilla glass, stunningly sharp 1280 x 760 resolution and blur reduction. It is also impressively sensitive. Nokia is based in Finland, and they have 10 months of cold. Nokia engineers have been very motivated to make a phone that can be used while wearing gloves. *Operating System: The Windows operating system features bold, bright colors, animated images, and a very intuitive and easy interface. I try to restrict my conversations with friends because inevitably people ask to play with the pretty interface and seem to have no qualms about opening my personal email, work email, and texts. I'm still not sure how much I like it that this phone is so attractive and attracting that it makes people forget boundaries. *Responsiveness: Superb. It has a dual-core processor, but it's optimized to run smoothly on slower chips. 60 fps screen refresh rate. It's zippy in most everything you do. 4G/LTE supported. *Maps: best in the business, and Nokia Drive is awesome. I used the 920 when I was in Chicago and it got me where I wanted to go via buses (I know, I'm cheap) every day with no issues (bus times, stop locations, etc). *Some sweet extras: wireless charging and near field communication. And they finally give you a way to resize your tiles, a lack that annoyed me with the 900. Also interfaces with my Xbox 360. I still can't set up my TV programs to record (via my cable provider) like I could with my iPhone however. *Sound: one of the things that seems improved - music quality is not bad if I forget my headphones and I can carry on business calls via speaker. *Price: a LOT cheaper than an iPhone. CONS *Size: heavy, big in your pocket and just slightly too big to be comfortable in your hand. *Battery: you know that sinking feeling you get when you have a low battery warning at the end of the day and there is something important you have to do with the phone that you may not be able to if you can't get to a charger. Yes, it's a jaw-droppingly beautiful display, but this is the result. *Operating System: Still some glitches. Nokia did spit out the Lumia line pretty quickly after the partnership with Microsoft was inked, and they are still on an aggressive timeline. The company is in trouble, and clearly is trying to strike the balance between getting this phone into people's hands while still maintaining quality. *My plea to Nokia: I want to see the time/date and notifications without activating the phone. I loved the N9 for that. Please bring that functionality to Lumia.PROS-------- -The speed is great. -Beautiful screen and great in sun light. -Touch screen works in the cold and with ordinary gloves on. -Great Sound, video and still shots. -hard uni-body of the phone seems very durable -tethering is simple to use great to use. CONS------ -Customization is lacking can't customize SMS notification tones, system font, etc. -NO MEMORY EXPANSION! -No reminder LED for missed texts, current e-mails, or missed calls. -Camera settings - not enough of them. I have had this phone for about two weeks and I love it. The battery life is great the phone runs lean so it doesn't run the battery down. The screen is beautiful to look at and use. I live in the northeast so it is getting cold and I love that you can use the touch screen while using regular gloves. The colors coming out of that screen are beautiful and vibrant. The phone is very fast and responsive so it has no problem running the new Windows 8 that it comes with. The camera is very nice and it takes some really nice pictures even in dim light. Voice calls are the clearest and the most noise free I have heard on any smartphone that I have owned so far. The outer shell of the phone is very strong and tough although it is a bit slippery for me at times since I picked the Yellow one. I got it while the offer for the free NFC wireless charger was offered so I have that as an accessory and it is really neat. Like that I can just lay the phone onto the wireless charger and not have to mess with the tiny USB connector for the regular wall charger. The wireless charger seems to take little longer than the wall charger. Overall Nokia has done a good job at the phone design like they have in the past. I owned a Nokia 5160 and that bad boy was heavy but tough as nails. The Lumia 920 reminds me of that toughness. Now what I don't like about the phone is the lack of features and setting in the software. Yes the Windows 8 tiles interface is easy to navigate and figure out. Yes you can move the tiles around and "customize" where your tiles are on the screen. Yes you can "pin" things and apps to your main screen. What you can't do is really customize the phone to be "for each of us" like Microsoft advertises. You can add special ringtones for your calls but you can't do the same for anything else. You are stuck with the boring and not as loud notification tones setup by Microsoft and Nokia. There is no notification led light on the phone for missed calls either. I could have said that during while I was talking about the hardware but since everything is controlled by software they could have used the software to control some of the navigation lights that are present in the front to notify you that there was a missed call or a message waiting for you - perhaps light up the "windows logo" light to a constant pulse. You can't change the phone's system fonts or much of anything else that you could think of. I am sorry if it may seems petty but if the phone's operating system is advertised to be "for the each of us" that means customization to the max and I don't see it in the Windows phone 8 OS. Add more customization to your OS Microsoft, please, "for each of us". SBNokia has always been on top with their amazing industrial design. They really have so many years of experience with different technologies, so when it comes to phones, they might know little bit more than all others. The fact that they've though of little details like using Lumia 920's screen with gloves on, pure-black screen settings etc. just gives them so many extra points in this smartphone war. I'm coming from iPhone 5. Which is a great piece of technology as well, but Nokia has something that makes it very friendly and fun to use. Combined with Windows Phone OS, the hardware and software are one piece of tech. A lot of phones suffer from marketing junk that is being added to the phone, cheap materials, inconsistency and just a lot of ugly little add ons that doesn't make it fun to use their products. Nokia Lumia 920 is beautiful. The bright yellow color makes it stand out. The fact that you only touch one setting of theme, and the whole phone changes to that shade is very smart and unique detail. Sure in Android you can add on 100 widgets (which will drain your battery faster and faster) but they're all inconsistent, look like they were made by a 5-year old and just add on nothing more than annoyance. App store is far behind Apple's iOS and Google's Play, which is the only thing that makes you go "ohhhhh!" with a sad face. It is slowly growing, but it will take sometime for a lot of different apps to do same thing I might want to do on iPhone or Nexus phones. What makes this phone amazing: -design -the way it fits into your hand -pure integration of software with hardware -a lot of user experience surprises that makes you wanna use the phone more and more -screen technology -camera lens -durability and recyclability -UI (user interface) is just like nothing out there -most important apps are there (not all) -originality and color What can be improved: -faster update cycle and little bug fixes -more accessories and headphones -Bluetooth 4.0 -more Nokia integration into their technology and services -top 10,000 apps and games must be available across all smartphone platforms. This one is for museums.I am a huge fan of Android and thought this was it for me. But as soon as I opened up my Nokia 920 Windows phone and saw what it had to offer I had to change over. This phone and it's programs are intuitive, fun and everything else good. I use an IPhone for work and I have never liked that. Nokia has the best free music, easy set up with on screen email. I just cannot say enough about this phone. If you have a chance to buy this or get it as an upgrade DO NOT HESITATE! I am not sure what everyone is talking about with the number of apps. I have found everything I wanted and then some. Plus I have Office and everything that comes with it! Amazing phone!Really impressed. Couldn't ask for more. What I like the most: Its super sensitive touch screen Nokia City Lens (maps). Gorgeous! Nokia Music, which puts its rivals to shame. Nokia Pureview. Wont believe it. The pictures are amazing! 8.7 megapixels. Its low-light performance. This alone makes it a must buy! Its wireless charger, love it. Battery life, excellent. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Thanks NOKIA!Pros I have got the Lumia 920 yellow one. I was really impressed with the build quality and durability. The best part of this phone is the camera which took amazing pictures with different lens options. The screen is really awesome when I compared with my wife's iphone 5 this is massive and crystal clear. Maps and navigation don't require your data connection which saves our data quota drastically. This phone also has pretty good data compression, it consumes only 60% of your data compared to other phone consuming 100% for the same media content. Audio quality is top notch and this is the only phone which has Dolby Mobile with Free Nokia Music the phone has gone to the another level. Wireless charging is another feature which innovative and very useful forget about search for jack in the night just keep your phone on top of the plate it makes its wonders. My phone has two days of battery life with reasonable usage which I am really happy about. Same usage in my Nexus one and my wife's iPhone 5 lasts for one day. Note: Please disable background usage for Nokia drive to get two days battery backup. Cons 1. My Bose OE2i headphone mic wont work with this Lumia 920 - Its because different mic configuration only couple of Monster Headphones and headphone which are not mentioned as iPhone compatible would work in this phone. 2. As of now there are no much frequently used apps like Pandora, IMDB, Vonage..etc but I hope soon all of them might come to this platform. 3. Share to apps are not having social sites integration but there are ways to share. See my rating for this phone compared to iPhone 5 and latest Androids 1. Camera [10/10] 2. Music and Audio quality [10/10] 3. Build quality and look & feel [10/10] 4. Maps [10/10] - This phone doesn't even require data connection for your navigation that makes you to get your GPS totally free of cost. 5. Video quality [10/10] 6. Social Media Integration - [7/10] 7. Apps [ 5/10] - Very few useful apps are there as of now. 8. Skype Integration - [10/10] 9. Accessories - [7/10] 10. Battery backup and charging options [10/10] NO DOUBT THIS IS THE BEST PHONE I EVER HAD...!!!Very nice all round phone, awesome camera, feels great in hand, superb build quality (I consider durability also a part of the equation) and some great free apps from Nokia. Leaps and bound ahead of the competition. Well done NOKIA!tl;dr at end I come originally from an Android background. Until recently, it was my only experience with a smartphone. I wanted something more reliable, less app force-closes, better build quality. I was fine with the smaller app market. All I do with my phone is browse the web ,(mostly p**n), listen to music, driving navigation, and read books. You don't need millions of apps to accomplish that. When the Lumia 920 came out, I knew it would be my next phone. It had everything I wanted, there was great videos on youtube of people TORTURING this thing and it coming out relatively unscathed. Great! When my existing contract went out, I grabbed one. The Lumia 920 lived up to all my expecations. I loved the feel of it in my hand. I loved the gorgeous screen and silky animations, the rock solid stability of apps and the long battery life while not sacrificing 4g. Today I dropped my phone from 2 feet off a desk. It slipped from my hand. The smooth texture of the yellow phone probably didn't help in this matter. I'm aware that black and cyan are a textured finish, but I wanted yellow, dangit. The screen was absolutely DESTROYED. This phone is less than a month old. I am also disappointed in other aspects of of the build quality in this phone. I'm in the military, and not always in the cleanest environments. I keep the phone carefully in my pocket with no other objects and never lay it on its screen. Nevertheless, it had picked up several scratches on the screen visible by angling it in good light. Of course I can't see them anymore, since there are so many cracks and fissures on the screen. I am not always in a spotless environment, and by resting the phone on desks or tables with small amounts of dirt, the plastic casing has manged to pick up pock mark holes all over. I have two larger areas with deeper scratches, from what, I don't know. The Lumia 920 was an absolute joy for me to use. I am now deeply disappointed in the build quality and will not be replacing it with another. In a bitter kind of way, I half believe that Nokia initially released a higher quality Lumia 920, and it was eventually ramped down to the fragile blossom of a phone that I am now stuck with. tl;dr If there are any people out there considering this phone, please just take this away from my misfortune. The build quality is NOT BETTER than any other average smartphone out there. Don't consider this as a point in the Lumia 920s favor when shopping for your next phone that you want to keep for 2 years. Other reviews similar to mine are NOT an outlier and it COULD happen to you. Please buy yourself a case or insurance or just get a better quality phone.I will try to keep this short, I found that this phone (and all Win8 Phones) do not support Bluetooth keyboards. I wanted to have a mini keyboard to use this to type some notes, as it has Office and OneNote. Both Nokia and AT&T hide this little known fact that all keyboards are not supported with Bluetooth, as Microsoft deemed it not important I suppose. I talked with folks at Microsoft Store, and they told me that users are just suppose to browse or touch up documents, not really create new content on the phone. There are numerous other problems (I'm sure cited by other users), and the many applications one would expect to be commonplace, either don't exist or have really flawed implementations, such as having a lot of UX design flaws and huge missing functionality. The list is so huge, I could write a book. One that stood out is using e-mail: You have to configure a new application per email (yahoo, gmail, etc.) and so it isn't integrated into one app. Additionally, you can ONLY have one application per type of account, so if you had two Yahoo accounts (one for spam, one for friends, etc.) then you can only choose one of them. Thus the Yahoo email app only works with one Yahoo account. So while other systems allow you to browse all your e-mail through a single application, Microsoft forces you to use a single application per e-mail account, and only one of the same account. Essentially, Microsoft violates the path of least surprise (using what we know to work well), has poor implementation with major gaps that lack functionality, and poor user interface and experience to boot across the board, especially in e-mail. Combine this the fact that you cannot use bluetooth keyboards (or other HID devices like joysticks) despite advertising bluetooth is support (and how they all sort of hide the fact from users), this leaves a very distasteful experience...This is my first Android phone and I really like the versatility. Compared to a previous Windows Phone 7 (also a Samsung), the Galaxy Express is so much better. The world of available apps and the ease of expanding the memory (I added a 16gb card - so easy) are truly a delight after my Windows/Zune experience. For my use, it also stacks up nicely against my husbands Galaxy S3. The best points: - Light and thin (just a bit smaller and lighter than a Galaxy S3) - Mini USB charging - no special plug - Expandable memory using a MicroSD card - Very affordable with new contract (mine was a penny) - More talk time than the S3 - The screen is beautiful and responsive Mostly what you give up verses the S3 is some camera resolution (5mp vs. 8 mp on the front camera), a little screen size, RAM (1gb vs. 2gb), and an HD display. There are some other smaller differences as well but for the most part they are hardly noticeable if you are not an extreme power user. Overall, I am very happy with the phone.From what I've seen from reviews and what people are saying about it seems like a great phone. Samsung has some of the best products and it makes it a convenient buy for people who don't want to pay an arm and a leg on the iPhoneI'm not terribly picky about phones, and I'm definitely not an advanced user--I usually just get whatever is free or nearly free with my new contract every two years. I resisted getting a smartphone in the past, in part because I just didn't think I needed it, and in part because I see my friends having to charge their smartphones with truly ridiculous frequency. (The point of a mobile phone is that you're supposed to be mobile, not attached to the wall half the time.) I'm finally breaking down. The biggest factor for me in choosing this phone over others was the battery life. It definitely delivers there. It's kind of amazing how long I can go without charging it--like, multiple days, even when I'm using it a lot. The call quality is excellent, the touchscreen works great, and the camera is decent (you could definitely find a phone with a better camera, but this one is perfectly respectable and serves my purposes just fine.) I was pleasantly surprised to find that it is very intuitive for new users as well. I was seriously considering getting an old lady smartphone (with pill reminders!) just to ensure I could actually figure out how to use it. But this was VERY easy to learn--so intuitive I didn't even have to read the manual to get going. (And for me, that is amazing.) My only complaint is with the alarm it comes with--all the options are really sweet, pleasant, waking-up-in-the-rainforest sounds. I basically need a foghorn/fire alarm to force me out of bed, but there's no foghorn/ fire alarm option built in. I'll probably end up downloading another one--not a huge deal. Otherwise, I'm thrilled with my purchase. Highly recommended, even for technophobes.I have always had Samsung phones and this is the first one that I've hated. The last phone I had was a Galaxy Exhilarate and I loved that phone.. I had it for a year and a half but it wouldn't charge (probably because I dropped it) and this is the replacement they sent. This phone is so slow.. it comes pre-loaded with so many apps and you can't delete them. It takes so long to do a simple task. And the thing that aggravates me the most is apps will just stop working in the middle of using them. I listen to music on my phone a lot and it will just stop in the middle of a song. Constantly freezing up. I can't wait to get rid of this phone.This is a fantastic phone for multiple reasons. HERE ARE THE PROS: -Ease of use: The main thing I love the most about this phone is the ease of use. I have owned several other phones in the past (a mix between other Smartphones and basic messaging phones). This phone is by far the easiest to use. -Touch screen is great! Unlike other phones I have had in the past, this one actually understands where my fingers are and therefore is very accurate. If I press A, the phone selects A. If I slide to the left, my phone slides to the left. I can't say the same for other phones in the past! -Call Quality is great on this phone. I spoke to someone for nearly an hour and the connection remained strong thoughout the entire conversation. -Texting is extremely easy, especially with the "Swype" feature. You can either type your words the usual way by tapping each letter. Or, with Swype, you can simply slide your thumb from letter to letter to create each word using a single motion. You lift your thumb once the word has been finished. Most of the time the phone knows what I am trying to say and therefore no changes need to be made. However, certain words do require me to manually go in and fix them. Again, a majority of the time my phone gets it right. Texting is MUCH faster thanks to this feature! I love Swype! -8GB of internal memory (5GB user available). Also, like most cell phones, it has a Micro SD card slot to add additional space. -4G Network -Accepts Micro SIM card ... If you are switching your SIM card into this phone and it is not the right size, then your carrier can give you the right size or you can use a SIM cutter (what I used) to turn your Standard SIM into a Micro SIM. Or, if you have a Nano SIM card, then you can use an adapter to enlarge it into a Micro SIM. -Display is very pleasing to the eye: 480x800 pixels, 4.5 inch screen -Has 3.5mm headphone jack, which I LOVE. It is such a pain when other phones only offer a usb headphone jack because then you have to be careful when choosing the right headphones. This phone, thankfully, keeps it simple by using a standard headphone jack. -Camera is great. 2592x1944 pixels. From what I have read, it is not the greatest camera when compared to higher priced cell phones, but it is still amazing to me. Very crisp and clear photos. The auto focus is outstanding. This cell phone camera has replaced my digital camera because the quality is just that good! -Battery is very good on this phone. I made sure to keep track before writing this review. I managed to get a total of 40 hours after fully charging it the other night before my phone alerted me to plug it in (the battery icon was in the red by the end of the 40 hours). Within the 40 hours, I spoke on the phone for about 30 minutes, as well as texted quite a bit and used the internet. -Alarm system is good. It allows you to set up more than one alarm and allows you to customize it to your liking. You can choose an interval (anywhere from 3 mins to 30 mins) and a repeat option (anywhere from 1 to 10 times). -If you are like me and enjoy listening to music on your phone, it is quite easy. I originally had all my music located on my PC. It was very easy to plug my phone into my PC vis USB port and drag the songs into the phone. Not only can you listen to music, but you can use this to personalize your own ringtones and/or alarm tunes. As for cons, I honestly have nothing bad to say about this phone! It is such a great phone and I am very pleased with my purchase! This phone will stay with me for a long time. I am definitely a Samsung Galaxy fan!I traded in my iphone for this... phone. I have had an android phone before and loved it. this one...? horrible. from day one I had problems with it. it would shut itself off in mid conversation. it would be random so not able to reproduce it for AT&T. however its done it several times. sometimes the phone works as expected, others, there is a huge lag when asking it to do the simplest of tasks, like unlock. sometimes you can actually count 20 seconds while its thinking about unlocking and giving you a home screen. its inconsistent, slow (at times), texting is a nightmare with texts often coming through hours or even a full day late. pictures? for get it. most pictures come and the phone acts like its a video. the only way to zoom in on the photo is to download it, save it, then go to the picture and look at it. AT&T was no help. I am stuck with this phone until I can upgrade. I am counting the days til I can get rid of it. absolutely the worst phone I have ever ownedMy last phone was a Samsung Focus which was Windows based and had great reviews and I loved it. Only draw back is if you like a lot of apps you didn't have a lot to choose from. This time around I thought I'd try an android model. This phone was released in Nov. 2012 and had great reviews on AT&T site. Decided to order the Samsung Galaxy Express since it was a penny on Amazon (exactly what I paid for Samsung Focus phone 2 years ago on Amazon). Have used the device help app whenever I'm not sure how to do something. I'm still discovering what all this phone can do and so far am loving it. I've recommended both this site and this phone to a friend who is looking for a new phone. Also, I didn't have to go buy new plug adapters to charge phone just because I switched from Samsung Focus to Samsung Galaxy Express. The ones I used for Samsung Focus fit this phone. I had asked about that when I looked at the phone at an AT&T store. Why buy from Apple who changes charge plug sizes with a new release if you can buy a great Samsung phone and not have to buy new accessories except for a new case maybe?I have the same problem as many others. This phone is ridiculously slow. I've missed multiple phone calls because the phone won't respond to me trying to answer the darn thing. I can RARELY navigate anywhere because it just can't manage that difficult task. I actually never imagined a phone could be this horrible. I cannot insist enough that everyone save themselves constant frustration by not purchasing this phone. I made the mistake of buying this one outright and have been sorry ever since. :(Windows Phone 8 is the best. I have a Windows 8 PC and once I got the Nokia Lumia 822, my Windows 8 experience got better. I can transfer files with ease. With the PlayTo option I can play videos and music to any compatible device, such as my Xbox 360, and watch them on a larger screen. Plus, with 7gb of SkyDrive, I can save my photos, PDF files, etc and view them on any Windows 8 device. It also takes a micro SD card, up to 64gb, so I can store music and videos on my phone as well and save my phone's internal storage for the apps I install on it. I sometimes feel like I'm in Star Trek TNG with the way it all works together. Now when I see Lt. Commander Data with his data pad, I keep looking at it to see if he's on Facebook. Windows 8, Windows 8 RT and Windows Phone 8 is truly TNG. I like the Family Room option a lot, too. My brother and my sister's fiancee also use Windows Phone 8 and, even though my sister's fiancee is on another service provider, we share the Family Room to post pictures, events, and news to each other or just simply keep in touch. To truly appreciate it, you have to try it out.3rd phone like this that I got. One eventually broke after countless drops. What did it was a drop at speed from a bike. Still works but the screen has too many cracks now. The other two are still working.Great phone that has worked out well for me. No problems and easy to receive updates through Windows. Some times have to fiddle around with the charging plug to mark sure it is locked in correctly, but this is a minor problem that from my research is not uncommon for the type of phone. Very pleased.I needed to get another phone as mine was giving me some problems. I had a Windows phone several years ago and liked it but I had a few issues with it and upgraded to an Android phone. After two android phones I thought I might try a Windows phone again with a much better operating version, Windows 8 or 8.1. I bought this phone as a "refurbished" unit. About two weeks after I received it the USB port failed so I had to buy a QI charging back so I could continue to use the phone (I already had a QI charger). I bought a spare battery at the time of Amazon order to make sure I had at least one good battery available. Overall the the phone had been a good buy. I have also changed to a Windows 8.1 computer some the process was a little easier using the similar OS. I follow the Windows 10 news each week, looking forward to a final public release of W10. I am not sure I will make it to the W10 release before I will want or need to upgrade again. I think Microsoft needs to speed up the release if possible. I am sure a lot of people are getting tire of waiting on a new OS, especially in the Windows Phone area. If MS will help developers port apps from Android or iPhone to Windows universal apps, that will be a good selling point for the windows Phone world. So far I am not willing to try the Windows 10 developers preview software mainly because of the broken USB port. The USB port would be needed if I needed to go back to the current 8.1 software. If you want to try Windows 8.1 this is an inexpensive way to get started.Update 7/28/2014: Wow. Just wow. I just don't know where to start. I thought I really wanted this phone, coming from Android phones. It's been almost 2 years and I am still not too pleased with it. When I first got the phone last year, I realized many of the apps I'd used on my Androids weren't available yet. I'm not heavily involved with social media, but I did use Facebook, Craigslist, Noom and sometimes Pinterest. Facebook did just this month finally update their MS app, a definite improvement. Initially, there were several similar apps, but either the MS-specific ones weren't well-developed or the more generalized just didn't work well on this phone. I haven't looked lately, so perhaps there have been improvements in the others. My teenager, admittedly more knowledgeable about technology and trends than I am, offered the analogy of how iphone, android and windows phones are respectively analogous to mac, microsoft and linux computer systems. That helped. But at least he was kind enough not to call me clueless. What I like: --Hand-friendly shape and the size of the viewing area --Live tiles-can pin to the start screen any function you regularly use, tiles are easily rearranged to the size /position that best suits your needs; also, the tile colors can be changed from the garish primary colors you usually see in Nokia Windows Phone ads --Fairly simple to navigate your way through the phone/screens --Calendar and other reminders are more useful than with my Droid/google calendar --Camera takes nice images, especially in low light conditions; video is usually pretty good quality, too What I Do Not Like: --The speakers are tinny, atrocious, just terrible. With my previous phones, the sound quality was surprisingly good, which is why I started using them for more than just speakerphone calls. I know most people use headphones for calls and music, but I prefer to listen to music via speakerphone in an arm band or chest pocket when running trails. I'm usually sharing the trail with others on mountain bikes or horses, so having my ears open is just safer. Besides, by having my ears open, I, too, am open, to the possiblity of interacting with other humans around me. And I'm not blaring my music, imposing it on others. Unlike the ubiquitous private phone conversations now being carried on in any public space. --Having to set up another email account to use the phone --Nokia Music was advertised as a data-free way to listen to music, but it shuts down repeatedly and it's fairly limited in its selections anyway, so I stick with Pandora, Spotify, etc. --Many web pages, such as Craigslist and various news and literary sources, for example, do not format properly on this phone. It almost makes me dizzy to have to pan back and forth, after zooming in, to read a news article or Craigslist post, because it doesn't automatically resize when you double-tap the screen, as my old Androids did. Wow. Just wow. Thanks for letting me vent, to those of you who scanned and moved on to the next review. I hope my insight was helpful in some way. Some of us don't buy phones frequently, so we're a little more invested in researching our choices, hearing what others have to say, before we make that committment.I have had pretty close to a year if not more. Only 1 glitch ever noted and a simple restart cleared it up. Dropped many a time. Still in mint conditiongoodIt won't take a charge anymore. I just got it!Very happy with my selectionI am still getting to know what this phone is capable of doing, but so far I love it!! I really like the ease of the keyboard. I love the large captions at the top. It is pretty easy to transition into after using a droid for 3 years!!One oh the cellphones charging port doesnt work, what can we do?the item is in good conditionThe camera does not work at all.This is a great phone so far. I thought I ordered the black model but they sent it in white. I came from palm pre 2 and so far I love the Lumia. I didn't want an iphone I think they're overrated and clunky. Ive seen my sister in laws with the case on it its like half the size of my kindle. I don't carry a purse and don't want to but with something that big it wouldn't fit comfortably in my pocket. Ive had a droid x too I wasn't impressed with call quality with some calls being echoed. It also didn't have a vibrate option for all alerts which was a turn off here. I was tired of the short battery life of my pre 2 so thats already a step up Id say its average as someone else put it but still one day more than I got out of my old phone. The crisp features of the Lumia are great and receiving and or editing MS docs is a no brainer. The music option is great as you can add your favorites to your desktop. Tune in radio and Pandora are already installed. GREAT for me I'm a music person. I noticed you have to shut it down when it doesn't react like it should. Ive had to once in two weeks so no biggie. One thing I did which I think is a great idea is that for $5-6 you can buy a small case for the phone since it has a slick feel to it you might not hold onto it easily. Ive dropped mine a couple times and it hasn't cracked the screen as someone else said. Its still nice and slim too. The bigger screen is a plus from the pre2 but no real keyboard its all about touch with the Lumia. Id given it 5 stars if it had better battery life. I'm not a big gamer but I see the xbox option on the home screen and I'm sure any of the apps not updated will be soon. It was free to me with a Verizon upgrade so that's great too. After using the a couple weeks after writing this I had to order another phone. The OS didn't seem to be working properly and I want a different color.I loved my Nokia Lumia 822 for about 10 months. It started giving me trouble charging. I would have to wiggle the charging plug in the phone until it would start to charge, then be very careful not to touch it until it was finished charging. After a couple of months of that, it stopped charging all together. I searched Amazon for a replacement, since I liked the phone and had a $30 Otterbox for it. It went from being an $80 phone to being like $400. I went to Ebay and found one for $100. I bought that one, Within a couple of months I started having the same problem. It would be nice if Nokia would make a fix for this so I could keep using this phone.The phone itself is great. I don't have to reboot because of slowness or lockup. The Battery last long with minor setting changes. Nokia does a great job in creating apps for WP8. In general lack of apps does suck but over this past year I have seen great improvement in apps and in OS updates which improve the phone while not slowing it down. The built is solid over the past year I have drop my phone plenty of time and the screen never cracked or has any scratches. The sides have minor scratches but the screen is what matters. OS is improving, One Note, Office apps and mailbox are great. Bulit is durable Speed is awesome regardless of how many apps you have installed or updating the OS. Size is ideal it isn't the biggest screen nor the smallest but it is the great. Camera is average but the Nokia apps help it a ton. The fact that it is a verizon and nokia phone helps it out for service and nokia appsI used to work at Microsoft and I can remember overhearing conversations at lunch where launch teams were laughing at how their new program was going to market with a 33% fail ratio and it was a major part of the applications that come with Windows when you get the full version. So, basically, they considered it a success that only 1 out of 3 attempts to use this software only worked. Imagine if Boeing were to adopt that sort of thinking? It would not be good. So, knowing this, I was skeptical about jumping into line to be one of the first to own a Microsoft Windows Phone. I had been an Android customer primarily for shear economics. The iPhone is a polished elegant product and they have so many great apps. The Apple product sells for so much more than, well, just about everyone else. The Android has some phones that were better than others. Some were real junk and others were very nicely done. My last phone was the Droid Incredible and I thought it lived up to its name really. It never seemed to run out of memory for tons of texts, emails, and photographs. I was pretty heavy into all of that. My phone was an extension of me, as it is with most people these days. I recently had to go 2 weeks without a phone. Can you imagine? I was constantly reaching for my Android to save the day. I wondered how high we were in mountains, I remembered my altitude app and reached for my phone. Oops, not there. I was at a garage sale and trying to communicate with someone from Russia. No worries, I had this great free app that they could speak into and it would tell me aloud what they said now in English, then I could flip the settings in reverse and answer them with confidence, but not this time. My phone was being replaced and in the mail. We jumped in the car to go for a drive and the last couple of minutes of a great old song was playing, so I grabbed my Android to use Shazam which can listen to any song for a few seconds and then tell you the name of the song, the album, the song writer, producer, and singer. It would tell you when it was produced and released, show you photos of the album cover, provide you with a link to the Artist's Webpage, and show you the best prices online and locally, based on the GPS info that your phone already had. But not that day. These smart phones in general are amazing and incredible. Can you imagine the reaction you would get a mere 100 years ago if you popped out an iphone, fully loaded with all of the best apps? They would probably have you burned for worshiping the devil or for witchcraft. The big question has been there since it all began? Should I buy an iPhone or an Android? Well, we weren't even done with that huge debate and now there is a new contender in the ring. The WINDOWS PHONE. It hit the market with all of the pizazz of a damped firecracker on a winter day. Microsoft should be ashamed of such a pathetic introduction to the world. When it was first released they didn't even have a compatible install of something as basic as Instagram. I am having Vista flashbacks, or even Windows 95. Well, it was mine and I had about 10 days to decide if I was going to keep it or send it packing back to Verizon. The lack of applications was really painful and I wondered how long it would be before MS Got it together with their beloved updates that we all detest so much on our computers. They are a necessary evil, but it would be nice if they got a little closer to getting it right to begin with. :) Looking beyond the app issue, I liked the feel of the phone. The screen was large, bright, and very clear. The software was a bit confusing since it really didn't look like anything we had ever seen on anything before. The live tiles seemed odd at first, but after a few days, I began to get it. I learned how to customize the screen and how to determine what is visible in all aspects of the phone's operations. Then there was the smoking gun. This phone had one thing that I personally hadn't had in such a long time that It frankly shocked me. This phone had a Minimum Rated Talk Time of 900 minutes and a Minimum Rated Standby Time of 480 hours or 20 DAYS. That was it for me. This brand new Windows Phone may not have had all of the bells and whistles just yet (apps), but it looked great, worked well, and had the most amazing battery life I had ever seen. It had a slow start, but the latest reviews are indicating that the sales have doubled in the last year alone and that Meanwhile, Apples iPhone lost market share in every country reported by Kantar except Australia and Spain. I recently spoke with a Representative at Verizon who advised that the latest word from Microsoft is that they are approving approximately 100 new apps per day. They are adding them as quickly as they can screen and approve them. Its just a matter of time before they not only catch up, but possibly even dominate the market. Step aside iPhone, you may have a serious fight on your hands this time. Review by Jim Bennett, Snohomish , WAI had a windows phone with at&t for about 18 mos. When I moved to Utah the at&t signal was so bad I ended up going to Verizon. When I went to Verizon last summer they had one windows phone which did not seem very good so I bought a Samsung S3. The Samsung is a really solid phone and I like it...However I missed my windows phone so I purchased an 822 on Ebay. I have been using the phone for the past 3 months. I personally like the 822 much better than the S3 because.. The 822 is a bit smaller and it is easier to hold. I get much better battery life Windows phones are infinitely easier to use. I prefer one long page to 5 pages. Fits in my pocket better. I have 4 emails and I can set icons for each on the screen I love the new small/large icon setup. I love the history tab on each contact. I hate having to dig up emails from months ago..flip to the person who sent it and go to history and there it is. You cannot go wrong with either the S3 or the 822. It all comes down to personal preference. One thing I love about Verizon is that you just pop out your sim card and put it in your other phone and your good. You could not do that at at&t when I was with them. I did try my S3 a week ago just to see how the experience was....I was back to my 822 in a few days.Update 9/22/13: I am on my 4th Lumia 822 and it works perfectly. Not sure if it's because it's a different phone, or if they fixed the underlying issue, but I am now a happy camper! Old review: DON'T buy this phone if you need your phone to stay on. I bought the Nokia Lumia 822 after having another Nokia phone for about 7 years. It was durable and easy to use, and I never had any problems with it. But I've had problems with the 822 since day 1. It randomly shuts itself off and stays off. The first time it happened, I was late for work because the alarm doesn't work if the phone is off. This happens every 2 nights or so. It also happens during the day. One time, it shut off 3 times within a couple of hours. I couldn't power the phone back on except by taking the back off, removing the battery, counting to 10, and then putting the battery back in. Yesterday, I learned that you can also hold the "volume down" button at the same time you hold the power button, and you have to hold them both until it powers back on, about 12 seconds. Better than taking the battery out, because when you remove the back of the phone, sometimes several times a day, the back gets loose. I reported the problem immediately to Verizon, and they told me to keep the phone because they were expecting a software update by the end of the following month that would fix it. So I kept it, but when the next month went by and the phone was still not working, I called back to ask what had happened. They said this is a known issue, and they didn't know when it would be fixed. So I asked them to send me a new phone and they agreed to do so, but it was only when we talked about it some more that I found out they were sending me a refurbished phone. I explained that I reported the problem within the 14 day time limit, so I expected a new phone. They said it didn't matter, all they could send me was a refurbished phone. When I got the refurbished "phone", they only sent the front half of the phone. You have to use the old battery, SIM card, and phone back. On this phone, we couldn't even get it set up because of error messages, so I returned that the next day. I'm on my third phone now, and it also shuts off. I powered it on for the first time yesterday around noon, and it shut off by 2:00 PM. It shut off last night during the late evening hours, and it shut off again during the night. My recommendations: 1) don't buy this phone, 2) if you get a phone with a problem and Verizon tells you a software update will fix it soon, don't believe them, and 3) if you have ANY problems with a new phone, don't let them talk you into keeping it - return it ASAP and get a new one.I purchased a grey 822 from the Verizon store on November 9th (sorry, Amazon - couldn't find it on your site). Nonetheless - this phone has some excellent features, and a few nits. Pro: As has been mentioned, the screen is nice. Surprisingly, you can read it outdoors although direct sunlight reduces visibility somewhat. Pro: Real, honest-to-God Microsoft Office applications - not knockoffs. I've even edited Powerpoint presentations on the way to meetings, with no problems. Pro: RF. I have owned cellular phones, both dumb and smart, since 1992. Sometimes the radios are good, and sometimes you can't hold onto a session to save your life. Out of all the smartphones I've used (including Motorola, who normally makes great radios), this has one of the best. I get reception in places my wife's feature phone can't even pick up one RSSI bar and my older iPhone 4 can't get any reception at all. A fine radio. Can't wait to try it out overseas and see how the HSPA radio works! Pro: Bluetooth 3.0. Very good performance with all my BT devices (including my boat's BT navigation equipment). Con: Bluetooth profiles missing. Why, oh why, didn't Nokia include the HID profile? iPhone and the higher-end Android phones have it, and it's really handy to be able to whip out a BT keyboard to edit some documents. Con: So, Microsoft - where the heck is VPN support? This is easily the biggest complaint I have. I NEED VPN support to connect to machines in my office and monitor builds, perform IT support etc. As it is, I have to kludge by with using WiFi connection sharing and hooking through with my laptop, which is slow and lame and uses up my precious GBs. I have heard rumors that MSFT may include it in Apollo+ (or WP8.1 or whatever they're calling it). We'll just have to wait and see, but that was a big mistake, IMHO. Pro: I concur with previous reviewers on the Nokia apps. They are, for the most part, excellent - especially the "offline map" mode in the Drive and Maps applications. Tested by driving all over the lower mainland (British Columbia, Canada for those of you who don't know it), in offline mode and never got lost. Con: Another nit is the lack of connection between the Favorites in the Maps application and the Drive application. One would think you could store a Maps fave and have it show up in the Drive app, but no dice. I had to do everything twice. Annoying. Pro: Audio quality, especially over A2DP (stereo Bluetooth) connection. I play through my BT-enabled receiver and it sounds awesome - especially high-quality rips of discs I own. Who needs an iPod or other player anymore? Summary - a little over one month in, I still like this phone very much and find it a lot easier to use than Android and generally smoother flow than Apple's iOS. If any of you are software folks, you'd appreciate that this OS's design seems to have taken a lesson from this bookThe Inmates Are Running the Asylum- almost all of my most common tasks are very easy to accomplish with very few gestures/keystrokes. All in all, very satisfied with this device.I've had this phone since mid-November. Windows 8 is very easy to learn and works well. Internet surfing is exceptionally fast, especially when on wifi or 4G. It also seems to be durable, having dropped it twice while standing. Both times the battery and cover flew off but putting it back together it worked fine. I would subtract a half star for thickness and weight if possible. Additionally the screen is bright and clear and the camera works great under most conditions, lacking a bit in low light as most small digital cameras seem to. Battery - twice since I've owned it I've run out of battery during the day after quite a bit of game playing/web surfing so that seems good to me. Haven't experienced any functionality problems. Highly recommend the phone.I have had this phone since the end of November and have had nothing but problems. The phone always shuts off when it sits too long and reboots. I've also experienced a problem with the volume control. I am a customer of Verizon Wireless, and all they have done is offer a replacement and a factory reset, both of which have done nothing. I was told by tech support that this is a known issue with this phone, but they have no clue when Nokia will be providing a system update for this phone. I do not recommend this phone, especially if you don't have time to sit around and wait for Nokia to fix the issues or to make several calls to Verizon Wireless Customer Care as they provide ZERO service for these issues.I had my 1st Nokia Lumia 822 for less than a year and the thing just stopped charging. Diamond Wireless/Verizon were less than helpful. Verizon sent me a manufacturer refurbished phone and the damned thing stopped charging within a few months. Broken charging ports seem to be a chronic problem with these phones. I ordered an external charger and extra batteries, because I didn't want to go through the trouble of getting another phone after all of my apps and a random assortment of my contacts were lost in the Cloud. Better off with a couple of tin cans and a string.I switched from the HTC Incredible to this phone. I absolutely love it! It is very fast, the free apps (Nokia city lens, free music streaming - with offline play mode, etc.) work wonderfully, it's really easy to customize just about everything, and the layout is very easy on the eyes...I just love it! Pretty sure extended life battery will fit in an Otterbox case. Now for the cons: There are a limited number of apps at the moment. So far - the only app I have not been able to get that I wanted was the Nook app (although it seems like it will be coming any time now). Furthermore - I think the app dev's will come once more people pick up this phone. Battery life on this puppy (without using the battery saver) is about one to two days depending on your usage of the music streaming, etc. Although, I am NOT using the extended life battery - so that would probably significantly improve. TL: DR -- really nice lookin, easy to use phone; not alot of apps right now & battery life can be short. Overall, the pros far outweigh the cons imo.I absolutely love this phone!! I had an iPhone 3G and upgraded to this about 3 months ago. I could not be happier!!! It does everything the pricey phones do without the contract and expense! I have service through Straight Talk prepaid and everything is unlimited! I can't understand why people pay so much for a phone and a contract when you can have this one and have it all!I picked up the Nokia Lumia 822 last week and so far I absolutely love this phone. Hardware: Overall--outstanding. Rock solid construction--it feels substantial and well-made. Screen--crystal clear, smooth animation, vivid colors. Camera--I'm not a heavy camera user, but in the few pictures I've taken the camera has worked well, even in low light. Phone--During calls, earpiece audio is clear. Folks I am speaking with say I sound much clearer than my previous phone. Size--the right size for me at a 4.3 inch screen. I don't want anything larger than this because it gets too large to fit comfortably in my pocket. Battery Life--good. I keep most of my apps from running in the background and I can get 2 days out of it. Other users who keep more apps running will likely get one day from the battery. Software/Ecosystem: Windows Phone 8 is awesome. The level of integration between the phone OS, Microsoft Office (including Outlook), apps, Facebook etc., and hardware is outstanding. A great example of this is the People Hub. From one live tile, I can access any of my contacts, whether they are contacts through Facebook, Outlook (from work), Skype, or just a regular contact on my phone--they are all in the People Hub. If I pull someone up, I have several options--I can call them, text them, email them, write on their Facebook Wall, call them on Skype, get directions to their house, etc. The phone pulls in all this information automatically from all of its sources (Facebook, Skype, etc.) so I don't have to spend hours assembling the information myself. Rather than opening up a specific app to do a specific thing, all I need to do is pull up my contact in the People Hub. This is a simple example, but it's one of many innovative features on Windows Phone. One final note--the phone is great for work because it has Microsoft Office & Outlook. I can sync Outlook on my phone with my work email server so that I can easily stay on top of things at the office, without having to rely on a third party app written by a no-name company. I can easily edit Office documents on my phone and sync them to SkyDrive so they are immediately available on all my devices (work computer, personal computer, tablet), all integrated into the phone out of the box. The app selection is somewhat limited compared to iOS & Android, but I haven't had any trouble finding most of the stuff I need. I imagine the app selection will continue to improve once Windows 8 has been out for several months. Folks who are skeptical of Windows Phone 8 should just do one thing--give it a try. The more you use it, the more you discover how good it really is.I was concerned about switching from my Android phone (Samsung Galaxy Nexus). I thought I would miss my apps and the Google ecosystem. I don't. Even though there aren't a lot of apps yet, there are enough to keep you well connected to your community. My whole reason for changing my phone was the bad battery life of the Galaxy Nexus. I was surprises at how much longer the battery lasts in 822, well at least at the beginning. So how long is it lasting? Well I took a trip to Disneyland with the kids... taking lots of pictures, using the theme park app, and checking in on foursquare. The phone outlasted my wife's iPhone 5, lasting 16 hours before I decided to charge it. It still had charge. I don't know if this attributed to the phone or the OS. I really liked Android, but I find Windows Phone 8 to be plain beautiful and simple to use. I have completely converted over WP 8; and there is no looking back. Love this phone.I just switched to the Nokia 822 from the HTC Trophy. Many in the store were getting the HTC 8X, I think because it seems like a Nokia 920 (only on AT&T for now). I did lots of research on both the 822 and the 8X and I kept coming back to the 822. This phone is wonderful! The screen is so easy on the eyes, everything is so clear. The Camera is very good. The screen response is spot on. The Nokia FREE apps are fabulous (Nokia Drive, Nokia Maps, Nokia City Lens, Nokia Music and more). Not sure if Verizon, MS or Nokia added this, but FINALLY you can change the font size in text/messaging, people, email and more. You can also "magnify" the screen. (See "ease of access" in the Settings area). The only negative I have found with this phone, is the hard edge where your ear touches the phone. I am already adapting to that.I wanted a Windows 8 phone, especially after working with my wife's Apple 4s. It's a toy, my opinion. I wanted a smartphone that would work with real world applications and hardware. The interface took some time to master, but it is very versatile. The camera takes get pictures and with the new lens apps they are look professional. There are plenty apps to do whatever someone would need to do.I bought this phone from another provider & exchanged it the first week due to the camera quit working. Enter the second one where the camera worked for 2 1/2 weeks before failing, so Verizon exchanged it again & the third one failed after 10 days for the same problem camera quit. I spoke to tech for about 25 minutes & they confirmed that the camera was a known & well documented problem & reluctantly agreed to replace it with a upgraded phone.I read all the reviews and was excited to purchase this phone for my daughter for use on the Verizon 4GLTE Network, normally 3 bars of 4G reception. After 2 weeks we sent it back due to poor battery consumption and exchanged it for a Motorola Razr M. All the nice features and functions are of little use if you have to continually charge the battery even when the phone is barely used and the applications are turned off. Very disappointed in the Nokia 822. My fault for not doing better research and finding the Nokia site with the long list of negative customer feedback about poor battery consumption and the lame excuses and fixes offered up by Nokia such as disabling desirable applications. After 1 week with the Motorola Razr M, my daughter couldn't be more pleased and has none of the battery consumption issues previously experienced with the Nokia 822. Amazon Wireless made the exchange process very easy, however, we did have to pay full price for the RAZR M and Amazon Wireless had it overnighted to us and also picked up the tab for returning the Nokia. Upon return of the Nokia, we were credited for the cost of the RAZR M. Thanks Amazon Wireless!I just purchased this phone about a month ago and it has been nothing but trouble. Now I am having to pull the battery several times a day and reinsert it in order to get it to boot up. It shuts all the way down by itself and won't power up without pulling and reinserting the battery. I called Verizon on it and they told me that they are having this problems on lots of the Lumia 822s and there is supposed to be a software fix coming but they cannot/won't tell me when. Anyone else having this problem?First of all, I'm not an experienced smart phone user. I have to say the phone is fairly easy to learn and has great features. Unfortunately, after only 5 weeks I dropped the phone and it cracked the glass. I can still use it, but, and here is my problem, there are no parts readily available to get it fixed. Both Nokia and Verizon were unable to help except to direct me to a single repair shop (not local) which would take 5 to 10 days, (not including shipping time) to have fixed. If I could do this over again, I would avoid a phone that isn't this new on the market, especially for someone who needs their phone and can't be without it for 2 weeks.WARNING Verizon has altered Windows Phone 8 and requires you to pay $2.99/month for Visual Voicemail. This ends up being a hidden penalty of $71.76 over the two year contract per phone. I have had windows phones on AT&T and T-Mobile and neither charge for Visual Voicemail. If AT&T or T-Mobile coverage is good in your area, I would highly recommend going with them instead of Verizon who alters the phone operating system to stick you with hidden costs. I have two Lumia 822 phones, and enabling Visual Voicemail will cost me $143.52 extra compared to T-Mobile or AT&T. When purchasing the phones I asked the store sales person about Visual Voicemail and he indicated it was free. I called support once I found out it costs and they were of no help. Shame on Verizon, perhaps I should have stuck with AT&T and my Lumia 920. The Lumia 920 was an awesome phone, the only issue was I had poor LTE service at my house.Piece of crap phone. I had gotten a new car a brand new 2013 Ford Focus ST and it has issues getting connected to my car. The damn thing ended up freezing up my main computer in my car and it had to have a master reset done to it. I am switching to a Motorola Droid 2 the last motorola phone I had lasted 2 years....go RAZR. DONT GET THIS PRODUCT EVER EVEN THOUGH IT IS CHEAP IT ISN'T WORTH IT.I'm very happy with this phone! Ot's just as good as a new one!Delivered promptly. Works like a new phone.phone as a unit is fantastic, its the lack of popular apps that brings down the scoreVery durable phonesSeveral issues with phone 2 weeks after arrival but was able to trade it for another at dealerPhone is doing great it has been more than a month. Great deal great buy!I received my phone on time and the phone was exactly what I wanted. It has preformed perfectly. I am very happy with my overall experience.Amazing phone at an amazing price.This is a great Windows phone I bought for my brother, although it kept turning off on its own. We are switching to a different phone.The Nokia Lumia 822 from Verizon is an excellent choice for Verizon customers looking to move to a Windows Phone. ASTHETICS I'll start off with the asthetics of this phone. This phone is much more attractive then the photos make it appear to be. PLASTIC - The plastic is sturdy and thick with a high quality fit and finish to it. The black and grey is a flat finish while the white is glossy. It is a plastic with no grip coating and a nice textured look. It does not have the rubbery looking finish as seen on the 8X. For the White glossy finish it however takes a hit in the quality department. The glossy finish gives off a cheap look and feel. It's sad because I was really gunning to get it in white until I saw it. The back cover uses a snap on clip system that hold firmly and does not flex without moderate force. The back cover features NFC but the WIRELESS CHARGING IS NOT INCLUDED. A new cover is required. FEEL - The sides of the phone have and inward slant from bottom to top which makes it comfortable to hold and easy to maintain a firm grip.The phone uses a wider display then you see on other phones. I have big hands and it fits well into them. It feels nice weight wise. It has a little heft to it when holding it but not heavy enough to be bothersome. It feels durable but it a little thick. If you like the iPhone 5 for it's size then this will surely let you down. BUTTONS - The buttons are located on the right side and are thin. They have a firm placement and a nice click to them. The click isn't loud but it makes for an excellent feel. The power button is placed perfectly for your right thumb, I however am left handed and I find it a little more difficult to press.The Photo button is a 2 stage button. It takes a little getting used to as the second stage feels muddy and firmer then the size of the button leads on to be. GLASS - The glass uses an edge to edge front with the exception of the plastic on the bottom portion of the phone. The bezel around the glass is very slight with no gaps. It sports a nice solid black surrounding the display with very responsive touch buttons below. HARDWARE DISPLAY - The display is a 480x800 AMOLED Gorilla glass 2 display. Don't let the resolution fool you though. The screen is bright and the colors pop nicely. I found it to look much better than the 8X display. When the display is turned off or is showing black it blends in with the bezel and looks great. The display sesitivity is great and features an ultra sensitive capacitive touchscreen that works with gloves on although your experience will depend on the gloves. Thicker leather gloves do not work. The touch buttons are just as responsive. PHONE- Phone calls are crystal clear and other callers hear me perfectly. Easily the highest performing phone I've ever owned smartphone wise. The speakerphone is loud and clear as well. The reception on this phone is great as well recieving a reliable signal in even the most problematic areas. CAMERA - This camera is amazing, for the most part. Low light shots come out great with the extreme flash good enough to take a good photo in a blacked out room. it does however suffer from oversaturation and sometimes the white balance just does not work out so well. I think it's more of a software issue and I expect the problems to be resolved in future updates. Nokia exclusive software includes Creative studio for photo editing and Cinemagraph to make animated photos. I took a picure with my daughter moving round in front of a mirror and edited it so she was standing still and just the reflection was moving. Everyone loves it. It outpaces my iphone in every way imaginable. The front camera stays on average grounds however. AUDIO - It features a mono speaker located on the bottom left of the phone. It's really loud but it suffers from a tinny sound. I could hear this thing from across the house though. The earpiece however sounde great and has excellent balance to it. I can hear people even in a noisy room. the headphone jack is on the top right of the phone and features features audio processing from Dolby to include an EQ and "Dolby Headphone". Dolby headphone would be best described as the equivelant of the Beats Audio software. It boosts some frequencies and thats about it. It helped out my high ohm headphones out a little bit but is not a replacement for a hardware amplifier. BATTERY - The battery is average and nothing to write home about. I use my phone moderately and it gives me about 16-17 hours on a charge. It stays at the 100% mark for about 2 hours and slowly rolls down hill after that. It is nice having the removable battery though. This includes talking, web surfing, apps, games, photos, texting, ect. MEMORY - 16GB on board memory provides about 12GB of free space after a hard reset is performed (deletes all of the downloaded maps from Nokia Drive). You can then download only the areas you need from Nokia Drive. It also sports an internal SD slot and the battery has to be removed to insert/remove the card. Apps cannot be stored on it. CPU/RAM - This phone has all of the same core hardware specification as every other windows Phone currently available in the U.S. The lower resolution display frees up some memory though and enables the OS to be zippier. SOFTWARE APPLICATION EXCLUSIVES - One thing you get with Nokia is exclusive software. Nokia Drive is not on other handsets yet. It also includes a few extra "lenses" (photo apps) such as the aformentioned cinemagraph, Panorama, and smart shoot which takes a series of pictures and then lets you replace peoples faces until you get a shot where everyone is simling. These apps all work great and are fun to play around with. It also includes Creative Studio which is like a photoshop/Instagram filter app. It works well and holds alot of features. Other apps include ESPN, Univision, Words With Friends, Foursquare, Groupon, Nokia City Lens and more. There are currently 32 apps exclusive to Nokia phones on the store as of this writing. OS - Windows phone 8 is a whole new review, I came from the iPhone and I love it. There are enough note worthy apps available to keep me comfortable and the operating system holds enough features to be more then usable on a daily basis. It has it's fall backs but there is nothing to make me run for the hills. I can say that it runs like a champ on this phone. No stuttering, slow loading times, or crashes have happened on this phone. It outpaces my iPhones performance enough to make me go wow. The Verizon exclusive (for now) Data Sense software works great and tracks your data usage and breaks it down to Cellular/Wifi and each app usage and resets whenever you want it to. APP STORE - It's got alot of junk, but if you sift through it there is alot of cool stuff on there. Some things are slim pickings while others have a copy of a copy of a copy. It's no better then android or Apple. There are alot of big name developers announcing new titles every day. OVERALL Overall the phone is fairly attractive, solid, well designed, high quality and very usable. The only design problems I have is the power button being odd for a left hander and the 2nd stage of the camera button just not feeling quite right. The OS is fast, responsive and zippy. The phone works like a champ, The camera is a little quirky but it still is a great camera considering what you have to compete against. It's big and heafty but not quite a brick and I love that. The display is amazzzzzing even though he resolution is a little below current industry standards. Battery is good enough but could be better, I feel like I will get caught with my pants down one of these days. For 100$ you cant go wrong with this phone. It is way better quality then anything else you can find for this price and sets a standard by which every phone in its price range will need to improve to outpace it. If your looking into a windows phone This will surely not disapoint unless you really cant settle for the lower resolution display.I manage mobile devices for a corporation in Rhode Island, USA and chose the Nokia Lumia 822 when we switched our account over to Verizon. I couldn't be happier. I previously had an HTC HD7 from T-Mobile, and here some some of my observations: - The AMOLED screen on this device is superb and quite possibly one of the best smartphone screens I've ever used. It is made of Gorilla Glass 2 and easily adjusts brightness to ambient light surroundings, keeping the colors sharp and bright whether in sunlight or in a dark room. Don't be turned off by the lower resolution of the 822 - it didn't make any sort of difference to me. Also, it is true that this screen features Nokia's high-sensitivity glass augmentation that allows it to be used with gloves. I can successfully choose music, tap on tiles, and even text without unnecessary effort. - Compared to my 1ghz HD7 running Windows Phone 7, this device is incredibly quick. WP7 was not a laggy operating system by any means, but the 1.5ghz dual-core in this device plus WP8 is a dramatic change. I have experienced absolutely no lag, whether I am switching apps, opening apps (the splash screens for most apps appear for less than a second, even with some video games). Alot of this is due to the OS itself: WP7 was built on Windows CE which had its own hardware and coding limits. WP8 shares the Windows 8 kernel for maximum hardware compatibility and optimization. I'll leave reviews of the actual Phone 8 OS to the rest of the Internet.... but it is elegant, beautiful, fast, capable, and very very under-appreciated in the marketplace. I believe this'll change, and am recommending my company to deploy Windows Phone 8.I moved to a Lumia 822 Windows Phone after having had a first generation Droid for several years. I was happy with my Droid and it worked well, but after it finally started to degrade it was time to move to a new phone. I decided to try the Windows phone platform for no reason other than wanting something different, and of the options available to me I was most impressed with the Lumia 822. I wish I had made this switch a while ago... The Lumia is a larger phone than my original Droid, and I was a little apprehensive when I bought it because of this. My concern was that it would be bulky and would be cumbersome to use, but this has not been the case. It fits almost perfectly in a pants pocket and it is just the right size when in operation for comfortable talk. It is large enough to allow for talking into the actual receiver instead of relying on the way someone holds the phone which means consistent sound clarity for the person on the other end. Call quality has been great. So far I have had no issues with the ability to speak and be heard in a call. In fact, when switching between speaker phone and regular calling mode the person on the other end has said that they cannot always tell the difference. This was an unexpected bonus - most phones I have used do not work as well as speaker phones. It is important to understand that this phone does not have a standard physical QWERTY keyboard but instead has a virtual keyboard that it displays on the screen. This is becoming the norm anymore, though I personally prefer having a phone that has a physical fly-out keyboard. In use, the keyboard works fairly well though I have occasional issues with tapping the right keys as I have larger fingers which means that sometimes the phone registers the wrong button pressed. This is more the exception than the rule but it happens often enough to merit attention - if you have larger hands, be aware that typing can get a little frustrating if you're in a hurry. The greatest difficulty I have had with this phone is when using it with the car. I have a Ford Focus with full Sync system, and my Droid worked flawlessly with it. The Lumia works almost as well, though I have had the same problem many have had - when making an outbound call the system can shift into privacy mode and no one on either end hears anything. I have found that by using the phone to dial instead of using voice or the dashboard keypad the problem can be completely avoided but this is inconvenient. Recently my phone downloaded a large update and since then it seems to be working more consistently - time will tell if this has truly fixed the issue, but for now I have an acceptable workaround. Now, about Windows 8 on the phone... I am not a huge fan of Windows on the normal (non-touchscreen) computer, but on a touchscreen phone it seems like this is the way a phone should work. The Windows phone OS is very intuitive, easy to use and it just works. I love the tile-based screens. With my Droid I occasionally had issues where I somehow scrolled to a different screen and got icons messed up because of it; I have not had any issues of that kind with the Windows OS and so far am absolutely pleased. The one drawback I have with the platform is that once in a great while the phone will simply reboot without warning - never during a call (so far) but always unexpected. To be fair, I had the same problem with Android at about the same frequency, but it still needs to be mentioned. As at least one other reviewer mentioned, the number of apps in the online store is small compared to the quantity of apps in the Android or iPhone store. So far I have had no problem finding applications to suit my needs. There are more applications being added all the time but the problem is that the market share does not favor the Windows phone. The biggest targets are Android and iOS and that is where the majority of the applications are found right now. There is one application that I have been unable to find that I think is sorely needed - a reputable security suite. As I write this I have found none at all. I have looked at Norton and Kaspersky in particular for applications of this type and they do not support Windows 8 on the phone. To me, this is a big deal. There are partial solutions in the store but so far I have not found an antivirus or anything else that would be termed good mobile security. I do sincerely hope this is corrected soon. This is not a shortcoming of the phone itself; rather, it is a reflection of the Windows 8 mobile market share. The Lumia 822 is not without its quirks and issues but overall it is a very nice phone. It has a good feature set, it is easy to use and it's the right size for me. When it eventually dies, I will likely get something similar.I LOVE this phone. Have had it for years, no issues. I'm a Windows Phone convert - the OS is smooth, reliable (absolutely zero issues in all the years I've had it), intuitive, and exceptionally easy to use. The Lumia cameras specifically are fantastic - great resolution, and videos are crisp and clear. The Lumia Camera app (free) is definitely worth downloading as well, if you like to adjust ISO/white balance/etc while snapping pics. This thing is so sturdy I stopped putting a case on it, and the screen is STILL pristine, despite dropping it constantly and leaving it in my bag to rattle around with my keys. Only thing I've ever done is replace the battery after several years of battery abuse on my part (I highly recommend buying the OEM version if you do so, got one on Amazon for super cheap and it's been great). It fits nicely in a pocket and your hand, and screen is nice resolution and large enough to view even dense web pages comfortably. Important note - it turns out you can use the Verizon-branded Lumia 822 with ATT, and likely other carriers, by inserting your carrier sim card and simply manually changing the internet APN settings (ATT has an APN settings guide on their support pages for this very reason, others probably do as well). Took about 20 seconds, and voila. Yay! Mentioning this, because I was crushed when I thought I couldn't use this phone after a carrier switch!Basaed on reviews and confidence in Nokia, I switched from a Motorolla Droid 2 Global, which I liked, to the Nokia Lumia 822. Here are some of the main reasons why I am delighted with that decision after having a chance to use the phone: The Lumia 822 camera is excellent; the video and photos are clearer and the lighting more natural than the droid's camera and any smartphone I've seen. The Lumia music features are amazing. Not only can you sink all of you ITunes material with the Lumia device, Nokia provides a free no-add Pandora-like service. Moreover, I've downloaded an app "Amazing Music," which allows you to stream and store quick links to entire albums. Nokia/Lumia's driving and mapping services are rated as the world's best. Though I haven't taken a road trip yet, I tested it with my commute to work, which involves walking and taking the metro: It was incredibly accurate and even told me the stops in between the one I needed. The homepage is incredible. The Windows operating system lets you customize the location and prominence of your apps, and let's you pick a few for live constant updates. For example, when you "pin" your contact to the front page (or further down), you see his or her facebook, twitter, or linked-in updates displayed overtop the app. So, you don't even need to log into Facebook to see what your closest friends and family are posting. Indeed, the Facebook and twitter synching is the best I've ever seen. It takes seconds to take a photo, post it on Facebook, and tag your friends. It even remembers your recently used tags. It also shows pictures you were tagged in as a banner as you scroll and read upadates, which you can change if you want. Another plus is that Microsoft office is readily available, so you can edit Word documents and Excel documents, which is very useful for work. It also has a family room app that allows you to sink to-do lists, grocery lists, and anything else across phones and accounts with anyone who has a facebook, hotmail, or MSN account, or wants to create one for free. The keyboard is my only complaint, since I have big thumbs. I moved from the slideout QWERTY from Motorolla to the Iphone-like keyboard here. Still, it is larger, I believe, than the iphone board when you turn it sideways (it has a very wide screen), and the word suggestion tool is very good. I'm getting better at. The app store is a minor issue too, as developers are still getting use to Microsoft's new and impressive operating system (Windows 8). Yet, there are many excellent apps, and almost all of the apps I used with Google's operating system are available (and often look even better), including: Public transit trip planners, Gmail, white noise, chess, YouTube, a photo editor, Wikipedia, Facebook, a flashlight, bike share services, weather channel, a public parking payment app, and The New York Times. For gamers, there are an increible number of options, including Xbox compatibility, but I don't play games other than chess. Overall, these issues are minor. The best part of the phone is its elegance and beauty. The image, picture, and video quality are the best I've ever seen, and the tile colors can be easily changed to your mood or preferences. The conversation and sound quality is also superb. It is easily one of the best phones on the market and is roughly half the price. I highly recommend it.The 822 is overall a solid phone. The screen looks great, and while it's not as high of a resolution as some other phones are, it still looks excellent, and video looks really good on it. Call quality is good. The speaker for music isn't that great, but it gets the job done. The phone is built well, and it's survived a few drops. I love the fact that it has a microSD card slot and a removable battery. I have a 64GB card in it with plenty of videos and music on it. Currently you cannot have apps on the microSD, which is a bummer, but not a huge deal. As far as the OS, WP8 is awesome. It's beautiful, super fast, and has a lot of cool things built in. It is currently missing some features, but it is expected that Microsoft will add many wanted features with future updates. The live tiles are awesome, I couldn't imagine a phone without them now. The one thing I do miss is the ability to sync with Zune (WP7 had this ability), which, in my opinion, is the best syncing software out there. Hopefully Microsoft will add the ability back as many people have cried out for its return. So overall the phone is great. I do recommend it, but do know that there aren't as many apps as iOS or Android, though they are getting there, and most popular apps are already available.As someone who is very into Andriod, I decided to go out on a limb and try out the Windows OS. I have had this phone for about a year now. I am not going to lie, I am pretty disappointed by the phone and the operating system. but it works alright for what it is. PHONE: I have issues once or twice a week where the phone will shut off unexpectedly. After consistently happening for this long, I was hoping a software update would help fix the issue but it clearly has not. This leads me to believe it is a hardware issue, but the people at Verizon keep telling me it's a software issue and the next update would fix it. As far as durability, this phone is an absolute tank. I have yet to put a case on my phone (living dangerously) and I have dropped it a handful of times. There are some scratches on the corners of the plastic housing, but the screen is in perfect condition. The response time has it's ups and downs. Some times it will be lightning fast, some times it will lag a few seconds. I am always careful to kill all my tasks too. WINDOWS 8 OS: This OS looks sweet. I love the minimalistic layout and the customizability it has. In terms of function, it's kind of limited. Nokia has put out a bunch of really cool apps, like city lens and panorama. The GPS system it comes with is absolutely amazing. It beats all of my friends iPhones and Androids to crap. I would argue it rivals a legitimate GPS system for your car. But in actuality I don't use all of the stock apps to much. The live tile idea is awesome, but it rarely works how it should. They don't load properly until you open the apps, then they will update, which kind of defeats their purpose. The ideas they have going into the OS is great, but they need some optimization. App development is leagues behind Apple and Android. If you're someone who likes a lot of apps, you're going to have to rely on a bunch of 3rd party software. If you're okay with that than go ahead, but I prefer to go with the big developers. It seems like no one really makes quality apps for it. Give it a couple years, i bet it will be fine, but until then I am not going to rave about app availability. OVERALL: I will not be getting another windows phone. I would not really recommend it to anyone else unless you're more business oriented. As a college student I find Android and Apple will better suit my desires. It's not well enough developed for me to really get into it. It was well worth the try, but it's not for me.I purchased this phone as an emergency backup phone should my primary (Samsung Galaxy Note II) ever need repair or be out of commission. I was able to pick one up off Ebay for roughly $140.00 and it was one of the better investments I have made. Before writing this review I will tell you a little about my tech experience: I've been with verizon for over 8 years, have used IOS, Android (current) and intermittently used Windows Phone Operating System. Each operating system (and ecosystem) has its advantages and disadvantages, as does the manufacturer. Let's begin with what the Nokia Lumia 822 has going for it. Pros: Build Quality-- The Nokia Lumia 822 is exceptionally well made. While thicker than most smartphones currently on the market, this phone feels surprisingly good in the hands. The weight is evenly distributed throughout the body of the phone, and all the necessary buttons (i.e. power, volume, and camera) are located on the right-side for easy one-handed use. The true black display is 4.3" and is doing a well job of displaying color. This phone is readily viewable outdoors at 75% brightness, and the Gorilla Glass 2 glass panel is very durable (Though I would still recommend a SKINOMI TECH SKIN SCREEN PROTECTOR for added protection). Battery Life-- The Lumia comes with a 2100MHA battery. This is one of the largest OEM standard batteries a manufacturer can put in a phone right out of the box. (For instance, the original galaxy nexus on verizon only came with a 1800, with an extended that pushed 2100). Depending on your use the phone can last a solid 20hours of light-moderate use, and roughly 12-14 hours of heavy use (I define heavy use as video streaming). This is respectable battery duration and let's face it, most people will have a charger in the car, carry an external battery backup etc. Operating System: Windows Phone 8 Operating System is extremely user friendly. You are limited in personalization but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Live-tiles (which are re-sizeable) dominant the viewing screen and like with most functions, a single tap opens the desired program. Unlike other operating systems (i.e. android and IOS phones), windows phone provides you the ability to REMOVE BLOATWARE FROM YOUR DEVICE WITHOUT THE NEED OF ROOTING/JAILBREAKING. This, for me, is a huge plus as rooting a device generally voids your warranting at you run the risk of damaging (bricking) your phone. Manufacturer Support/Investment-- Nokia's suite of apps are simply AMAZING. You get Nokia Map/Drive and Nokia Go-Music. The Nokia Map/Drive is similar to Google Maps and Navigation. The Nokia Go-Music is a FREE music streaming service native on all Nokia smartphones. This app is similar to Pandora but unlike Pandora it is commercial free, you do not need to register, and you are allowed to download approximately ~250songs for offline use. Nokia customer/tech support is also one of the best. GLOBAL ROAMING/UNLOCKED-- One of the primary reasons I bought the lumia is that ALL WINDOWS PHONES FROM NOKIA ARE REGION-FREE SIM UNLOCKED. Meaning, so long as the carrier (other than verizon) produces the cell bands the phone's modem can pick up, you will be able to use the phone on that network. The Lumia 822 CAN BE USED ON T-MOBILE, ATT, ROGERS... and EVEN OVER SEAS. Verizon, a CDMA network, offers very few phones that are unlocked, let alone as capable of being used on GSM networks. So not only is this phone a good back-up phone, it's also a phone which can be used in case you want to switch carriers and don't want to sign a 2year contract/buy a new phone. Cons: Lack of Developer Investment-- The Windows Store has roughly 150,000 apps on the market, as compared to IOS and Google which have over 700,000. The list of apps also grows very slowly in Windows Store-- some of the more popular apps aren't available either. Lack of Mainstream Appeal-- The lack of personalization is a deterrent for some. The live tiles can get boring. >>List will be updated at a later dateI've had android phones, blackberry phones, and others. The Nokia 822 is by far my favorite. I've never had an issue with this phone and I've had it for about 9 months now. The Windows Phone platform is really cool as far as I'm concerned, and the apps available cover a lot of bases. Do they have as many apps as Android or Iphone? No. Do I care? No. The fact is there is an app for everything I need and want, and there are more being released all the time. The user experience on this phone is so good, my two daughters (ages 15 and 12) both wanted this phone, so they each have one now. They are the only ones in their circle of friends that have a Windows phone. Do they care? No. I think I taught them well. 'Nuff said. Highly recommended!This phone is absolute junk. From the first day I got it from Verizon I've had NOTHING but problems. I've had androids that were better than this useless phone. You would think that if the two greatest tech companies in the world (Nokia and Microsoft) teamed up to make a phone, it would be something of top quality but this isn't the case unfortunately. I've had so many issues with this phone that I had to call Verizon to get a new one..and the new one was EXACTLY the same..im not even going to waste my time calling them again because im so done with verizon and im done with windows phones. These phones are like this straight from the factory because of improper testing by Microsoft, improper testing by Nokia and worst of all...verizon for not intervening when its in their best interest to provide their customers with good phones..because after all....its a telecom company..thats what they do. I am dissapointed with these reviews as well..either they're fake or people just dont know how to review a product or what a review even is. You're supposed to evaluate a product thoroughly before judging it. Everything seems nice when its new but when you have it for more than a year like me then you begin to see why it deserves one single star and nothing more. I came to windows from several androids because I got tired of all the bugs and unreliability that android devices have..also the fact that the phone looked incredibly gorgeous in the store and on YouTube. I can now say this is probably the worst operating system out of all 3 (android, apple, msoft) For crying out loud they dont even have proper apps like a fully functioning browser, a non browser based YouTube app that actually works, a chat app not even a proper video chat app. Everything is garbage.. - phone shuts off at random times once a week - the microphone doesn't function when pressed against your ear and no one can hear you..because for some odd reason the mic is at the earpeace - the back cover is paper thin and the phone is hard to assemble if you need to take the sim out or access the battery compartment - GPS is literally useless unless you want to be taken to a random location you didn't ask for ( happened to me a lot of times) unfortunately nokia thought it was a good idea to block their customers from using the only functioning maps app available..which is google maps..because they have a stupid partnership with windows..so now I have to use a map app that doesn't work - Browser closes by itself..the back button doesn't take you back to the last page you've visited - phone has problems loading images in the browser - problems loading webpages - silent mode isn't silent mode at all, its vibrate mode, loud mode doesn't have the option to turn off vibration - apps close by themselves daily - phone locks up for a few seconds at a time - the app store has probably 1/10th the amount of apps that android does - contact transfer to windows live doesn't work (I've lost so many numbers after I got a replacement for this phone from Verizon - after turning flash off on the camera phone the flash still flashes - highlighting individual words isn't accurate..the phone highlights the complete sentence instead - messages sometimes dont get through - Bing sucks - battery life is really bad - the phone wasn't properly tested - this is my last windows phone On a positive note the phone is extremely rugged. You can probably drop this phone from the first floor of a building and it will still work. This phone is a mess stay awayI've owned so many phones from all OSes... And this is one of my favorite phones, hands down. Windows Phone 8 has minor, but very nice upgrades over windows phone 7. Most impressive is the hardware. I never owned a Nokia phone, but this one is really nice for the price. The quality and feel are excellent. Highly recommended.I switched from an ancient iPhone and could not be more pleased. I was a little unsure the first couple days if I had made the right choice, but I did. I actually use my phone as a phone and I have a hearing impairment. Sound is very good and is this thing ever fast. Only drawbacks I can see is I wish the speakerphone was better and that the battery lasted longer. Try it, you may like it. Mine was particularly appealing as it was free through Best Buy matching WalMart. Update 12/12/12-I really like this phone but the battery just does not cut it. I have everything turned off and it still drains like crazy. I am running a WPBench test on it now and may try and exchange it tomorrow. On my old iPhone 3G with my normal usage it would go 3-4 days. At best, the 822 will go one day. I am hoping this is a defective phone/battery.I've had this phone since 2012 and it's worked flawlessly ... only drawback is that Microsoft won't be updating this model to Windows Mobile 10I was interested in trying this OS and I keep hearing good reviews, even from the Apple fan-boys. The start screen is fun to watch and it definitely gets attention. So far it is very stable. Not one single lockup or crash. It happened all the time with my Galaxy S. There are only a couple of Apps that I haven't found a substitute for, but something will come along soon.My 3-year-old XV6800 smart phone was working fine but so obsolete that I couldn't use Wi-Fi in some locations, so it was time for a change. I spent several months considering my options and settled on the Nokia Windows 8 phone, partly because I'm a Windows user and partly because of the extra-good camera. Over the next two weeks I had a lot of problems with it, mostly software-related, so I traded it in for an Android. Whenever I get a new piece of equipment, I like to start off with the user guide in front of me so I can survey the features and be sure I understand how everything works. The introductory booklet said I could get a user guide by downloading it or by calling Nokia or Verizon . The guide was full of graphics and fancy fonts and choked up my printer so I called first Nokia and then Verizon. Both said that they would not send me a user guide. An obliging Verizon store rep finally printed one for me. I connected the phone to my Windows 7 laptop. It found the phone and gave me a link to download the necessary software. I downloaded it and tried to install it but got the following error message: "Windows Phone requires Net framework 4.0. Please install from '[...]" No actual link was given and the address didn't work but I managed to find the necessary page and downloaded the software. After that the laptop recognized the phone but I was not able to set up playlists using either Windows Media Player or Zune and finally gave up on that. I haven't taken the time to tackle this issue on the Android. I'm still using my old phone to play music at the gym. When I tried to get help from Nokia and Verizon they didn't seem to know what to do either. If manufacturers of hospital equipment or kitchen appliances treated their customers this way there would be lawsuits; why do we tolerate this sort of behavior in the case of tech companies? The front screen of the Nokia phone with the flipping tiles was very cute and I loved being able to make a little mini version of my blog page there but these features were not enough to compensate for the hassles. Also, after the withering review by Walter Mossberg in today's Wall Street Journal, I won't be upgrading to Windows 8 anytime soon.I purchased this phone directly from a Microsoft Store based on many positive reviews. After using the phone for a couple of days, I seriously question whether the reviewers actually use this phone as their primary smartphone. I consider myself an average smartphone user, and based on the Lumia's still lacking features, I have since returned the phone. However, I would highly recommend buying products from a Microsoft Store as they are very helpful answering questions, and have a good return policy. Here are the things that I liked about this phone: * The screen is bright and crisp. * The email and calendar apps have nice features and are easy to use. * The battery life was very good. * Call quality was good. Here are the things that I did not like about the phone: * The Nokia Drive navigation app does not announce street names. It does show the names on the screen, but having to look down at the phone defeats the purpose of using voice enabled navigation. * Many websites do not recognize the phone as a mobile device, so the page is the desktop version. As such, the text does not automatically wrap across the screen. * A widely used podcast/mp3 was not recognized by the phone, so I was unable to download. * There are still quite a few popular apps that are not designed for Windows 8. In summary, if the above items were addressed, I would definitely purchase this phone.Although it works it Verizon network, they are altered the WP8 OS in such in way that it's GSM capability cannot be used. It disallows these in GSM mode -Changing APN -Sending SMS (group sms also) (For now, you can downgrade OS to pre portico update & enable these features) Nokia Customer care has said, based on Verizon request, they have disabled these features. And same they will do in upcoming WP8 phones. Verizon said they can restrict customers in whatever way they want. Verizon greed !! Note Microsoft customer care said they will not do anything in this case despite the fact they claim they will control the updates, features in OSI love Windows 8, I like this phone, I owned it for less than 24 Hrs when it slipped between my bed and its foot board, as I went to retrieve it, it fell less than 1 foot to the floor and cracked the glass from one side to the other. Not a scratch visible on the phone or a cracked place on the glass. I contacted Nokia customer service and they refused to do anything about it except to tell me to call their service center, since this phone has Gorilla glass, a gentleman commented on my review and advised me of the same, I am now convinced that this phone was defective from the factory, repair will be 143.00. this is un- acceptable , My previous phone was a Galaxy and I dropped it at least a dozen times over the 3 years I owned it, no broken glass ever. I understand glass breaks, Think twice before you buy this phone unless you never drop your phone (LOL). Oh by the way you cannot just replace the glass itself it requires the entire Display unit as it is all one unit so expect to pay big bucks to replace broken glass, Verizon offered this phone for 50 bucks /2year contract, now I understand why. I have to say otherwise it is a great phone but companies must back their products or lose their customers. I have insurance on the phone they will replace for 99.00 which I appreciate but this is really a Nokia Problem and I will never buy another Nokia product because of this.This phone came in yesterday and I was excited. Everything appeared to work fine and fast until I opened up the camera app. Or any app with a camera, like snapchat. Right after opening, the app just goes black and crashes. I have tried 2 hard resets and that still didn't fix it. Other than that, very solid phone. Should I send it back?My old one finally died and this is a perfect match !just what I wantedThe Lumia 822 is a great phone. We've had two of them and they worked just fine. however, this one came faulty and had to be returned.Good replacementLove my new phone. Great working n just like old one.This is the most fun phone I have ever had. (I replaced my iPhone 3 with it) I originally ordered the HTC 8x Windows phone but when I went to the store to look at them I compared the HTC 8x and the Nokia 822 side-by-side and chose the Nokia. Holding the two up together, one in each hand, I made the following observations: 1) The screen dimensions appear to be exactly the same 2) The HTC was taller without adding any additional usable screen size. Just extra blank space in each end. 3) The slightly higher screen resolution on the HTC doesn't look any different at all than the Nokia. In fact the Nokia looked better. More vivid, more contrast. 4) The Nokia feels better in my hand. The HTC's tapered edge feels like holding a sheet of glass.. It's not nice to hold in the hand. 5) The Nokia was heavier.. I told the Verizon girl that I wasn't having any trouble lifting it though. hehehe. The slight increase in weight gives you a removable battery! 5) The HTC's screen face was much hotter than the Nokia. It was actually radiating heat. 6) The blue HTC that I ordered looked purple instead of blue. It's too bright of a blue.. looks like a girl's phone to me. 7) The Nokia Drive application does turn-by-turn nav with 3D.. looked better than what HTC had and worked great on my recent trip. And the deal clincher.. 8) the Nokia 822 has Nokia's "City Lens" feature. Way cool. When you are looking for a restaurant or gasoline or store.. just point the phone around and it shows you where those things are and how far away they are and in which direction. I love it. I could have also bought the iPhone5 instead but it just didn't excite me at all. More of the same old thing in a taller screen. Yawn. Windows 8 is really cool to use. I think it's going to be a big hit. After my comparison at the store I canceled my HTC 8x order and bought the Nokia 822 on the spot. I'm very glad that I did.To start off, I have to disclose that I bought this from VZW directly and not from Amazon. I should have since it might have saved me $50, but that's OK. I just don't like reviewing things on Verizon's website. Still, the Nokia Lumia 822 is a pretty slick device. I'll break this review down into cons and pros to make it a little more coherent. Let's start with the cons since there are so few. Cons: 1. Screen Resolution- Now I'm not a resolution snob, but moving from an iPhone 4 with a retina display to this gave my eyes a little trouble for the first few hours. The pixel density is lower, so some of the images and apps that run across both platforms lose a bit of visual fidelity in the translation. Still, the 822's color palette mostly makes up for this by producing some of the most vibrant contrast I have seen on a small screen. 2. Iffy body design- I hate to keep comparing this to the iPhone, but that thing had a solid body design. Even with the glass front and back panels, the thing felt substantial and well constructed. The 822 feels like it is made out of lightweight plastic, because it is. The phone feels nice to hold, and it doesn't weigh as much as you would think, but it lacks some of the rigidity that I like in a phone. I've used a number of different smart phones over the years (blackberries, Android devices, iPhones), and most of them felt solid, but the Nokia just falls short here. Every time the phone vibrates, the housing rattles just a tad too much for my liking. The side buttons are a little bit too flat against the phone for my fingers as well, and they feel spongy when pressed unlike the tactile feedback of the volume keys on the iPhone. 3. Strange reception issues- I'm not sure if this is a 4G thing or not, but this phone has trouble getting more than two or three bars of reception at my house, and all of my past phones would pull either full or just under full reception. I haven't had the chance to test this thing out in lower reception areas, but not getting good results at home is a bit concerning. All calls and data tests have been favorable so far, so maybe the indicator is subjective. Time will tell. Pros: 1. Super Intuitive interface- If anyone is looking for a change from the mundane Apple interface, then Windows 8 phone is the way to go. Everything from the initial setup of the phone, to customizing the arrangement of tiles is exceptionally simple and easy to follow. There isn't much in the way of bloatware on the phone out of the box, but there were a few programs that I chose to delete. I would suggest going to the marketplace right off the bat to download many of the Nokia apps that are available though. Several of them serve to enhance the camera software which is pretty basic from the start. The new functions will be worthwhile. Setting up multiple emails is extremely easy, and the integration of my Xbox live account, I can use the Lumia 822 to control my Xbox 360 or transfer music and pictures across platforms! Everything about the Windows 8 interface works well on a mobile platform. The only thing I don't like is that I would rather use Google search than Bing, but I can always use the browser for that. 2. Speedy Processor- My iPhone 4 feels like a bit of a slug now after using this thing for a day or two. I know the iPhone 5 now has a better processor, but nothing else feels different enough about that phone to make me want to stick with the brand for another 2 years. I 822 offers the same functionality of more expensive devices, and the Nokia apps sweeten the deal even more. I loaded up the Nokia City Glass app yesterday, and in the blink of an eye the device pulled up information about my surrounding area. I never got any mapping tools to work so well on my iPhone 4 or my wife's 4s. The 822 might not have Siri, but I don't need it with how well everything flows together on the Lumia. 3. Solid battery life- Phones perform so many functions these days that it's hard to remember that I probably only charged my phone once every two or three days back before I had a smart phone. Still, when a phone is able to go a full ten hours on a stock charge while I'm fiddling around with getting it set up and playing with apps and so on, it gets my endorsement. It's true that it would be best to charge the 822 every night, but there are battery saver settings for those of you who don't use the phone all day like I do. The standby time on this phone isn't setting any modern records, but it's good enough. Still better than that HTC incredible I used 2 years ago. That, and as long as you back out of programs properly instead of hitting the home button, they shut down automatically without having to run a task manager/killer. Overall, the Nokia Lumia 822 is a great value for the price. It keeps up with more expensive devices quite capably, and offers several features that it's HTC 8x cousin does not which made my choice just a little easier. The 822 is not without its flaws, but for someone looking to change things up a bit, this phone definitely hits all the right notes. Windows 8 doesn't disappoint. Update: One week in, and I'm still liking this device pretty well even if some of the initial new phone excitement has worn off. There are just a few more things that I have uncovered over the course of the last week that I would like to point out. The first has to do with the app store, but I'm not here to complain about the lack of content. I know that it will take a little time for the app library to grow enough to satisfy most early adopters, but that's not why I bring it up. In fact, my issue is primarily with just one app that came preloaded on the phone which is Nokia Music. The program works in much the same way as Pandora or Spotify, and it gives you the ability to choose genres of music or specific artists to choose mix radio lists for easy access. The only problem is that if you choose a specific artist so that you can hear similar artists the program doesn't add tracks by your original artist to the rotation. I listened for around 3 hours the one day without hearing a single song from the artist that I used to start the search. Maybe this is just an issue with how I am using the program, but I haven't been able to work it any other way. It's not a game breaking flaw, but it's puzzling. On the up side, there is a Google search app now for Windows that I use instead of the Bing search programmed into the phone. Bing isn't bad, but I don't like the way the search results are displayed. Google is what I'm used to. Another thing that I was initially concerned about was photo quality after so many others had raved about the 8 MP camera on the 822 before I purchased it. Most photos taken with the camera will look pretty so so on the phones screen which is a bit off putting, but once they are transferred to a PC, they really look much better. It's a bit puzzling why such a nice camera was paired with a standard definition screen when the display is not capable of showcasing the image quality properly, but it's not that big of a deal. All in all, still loving the Lumia 822. Update 2: 02/06/2013 After two months carrying the Lumia 822, not much has changed regarding my initial opinions about the phone, but I will say that the general phone boredom that comes with having a phone for a while may be setting in somewhat early with this one. It has nothing to do with the interface or with the basic smartphone functions, but more to do with the lack of any substantial app support for Windows phones. I know I originally said that a lack of apps wasn't that big of an issue, but even though the Nokia apps are pretty rock solid and the Windows 8 OS is great, I want to expand my experience in ways that the relatively empty app store won't allow. I'm not talking about games or ringtones or productivity tools, but rather the lack of some of the more basic multimedia and social networking apps that Apple and Android phones have been offering since they launched. For example, there has yet to be a solid Facebook application built for Windows Mobile OS that works as well or has the level of functionality that other OS platforms have. The free Facebook apps that ARE available allow you to view status updates, post pics, or like and comment on posts, but every time you back out of a post, you are bounced back up to the top of the feed. How frustrating. Also absent are many of the streaming web radio apps like Spotify and Pandora. At least the Nokia phones have the Nokia Music platform, but as I have discussed earlier, they are a poor substitute for more time tested programs. Not having these smartphone staples hasn't broken my experience with the Lumia 822 yet, and there may be some hope for the platform once they earn more developer support, but it's not clear when or if that will actually happen. I really like the Windows 8 mobile OS, but it may be difficult to stick with that option when it comes time to upgrade. Hopefully Microsoft steps up their game, or Apple and Android offer a more compelling alternative by then.I've had the opportunity to use this phone over the last couple weeks and I have to say that I am blown away by how convenient this OS is! Let me get this out of the way first so you know where I'm coming from: I have built and troubleshot PCs since Windows 3 all the way through 8 and Linux/Unix/Ubuntu, owned and used (and rooted) phones and tablets using the Android OS from the original Droid through the Galaxy S3, Droid DNA, and Galaxy Note 2, and have used (but didn't like; don't hate me) the iPhone OS from 4 through 5 as well as Mac OS, and I use anywhere from 50 - 150 GBs a month on my months plans. All that to say I am not your average user and I am not a "light" or "simple" or "easy" user. And I frakkin LOVE this phone! How is it better than Android? -I love the integration of all the social networking with the people live tile. If you touch People and slide right you'll get all the status updates on your favorite people in your phone book, Facebook, Twitter, Linked In. If you set up a live tile for your special someone, like I did with my wife, I got live updates everytime she posted something and the tile changed background pics based on her uploaded photos at Facebook. So just looking at that tile on my screen I see everything they are doing. -I love the ease and lack of clutter of the live tiles. On Android I often end up with 3-7 screens full of widgets and icons (and in Ice Cream Sandwich folders) and I still feel like I can't find anything. The app drawer gets messy as well because everything get's dumped in there. In Windows Phone, you pick your favorite tiles and put them where you want. I put the games, Xbox, ESPN fantasy football, and NFL Mobile all the way at the bottom so I just scrolled really fast to the end and got to my favorite non-functionality apps. I left my email accounts (all five) up towards the top with my calendar, texts and so on. It was just a relief to know where things were. I can still access all my apps by merely swiping the home screen right. -I love the Data Sense. It automatically compresses data, switches to WiFi, and helps save data usage. This is great for those who are on a limited plan. -I love the Kid's Corner, where you set up apps for your kids, swipe right from the lock screen and only the apps you gave permission for your kids to run are available. Unlike Android or Apple where they still have access to all your apps (and email, calendar, etc) but can't buy things if you set up a PIN or lock, with this your kids never even see those apps. -I LOVE the integration with Xbox. As a long time Live member I love that if you play a game on this phone (even the free Minesweeper and Breeze) you get acheivements on your Xbox Live. You can also use your phone to control your Xbox 360 (with Smartglass, which is available on Android as well) and see your avatar, buy clothes, see your friends and last games/ apps run, etc. This integration is amazing and gives Windows Phone a killer app that they would be wise to play up. -Integration with Office and SkyDrive. SkyDrive is amazing anyway, but with free Office built in you use real Word, Excel, PowerPoint in phone with edit. -Xbox Games. You heard me right. There are some versions of Xbox games available in the app store. Civilization Revolution (the only Civ game on any mobile phone OS), Plants v Zombies, Carcassone, Final Fantasy, etc. (If you had cross platform ownership this would be THE selling point for gamers.) Why is this phone better than the 8X? -Nokia Apps. Nokia has a suite of apps that they developed exclusively for their Nokia phones (8X has more powerful specs but is built by HTC), like Drive+ (turn by turn directions,) music, city lense, and they even developed Draw Something for this device. -This phone feels more substantial and real than the 8X. The 8X feels like a tall iPod, with that ultra light, soft plastic cover that rounds from flat on the back. It is also a great phone, but this one feels hefty, solid and looks great in white. How is Android better than Windows Phone? -Apps. Windows is missing some of the apps that I use the most. Some app developers are MIA completely as of this review (like Google) but have indy developers making apps that work (like Gooroovster, GDocs, gMaps, GoVoice which are indy versions of Music, Docs, Maps, Voice.) But I'm still missing Voxer, Dropbox, most of the games, and a bunch of productivity. -Lack of keyboard options. Those who don't use Swype will not care about this and will actually like the auto correct, which is much better than the normal keyboards that come stock. But Swype lovers (or Flex T9) lovers like me will balk at having to peck away one key at a time. -I don't like having to pay for apps on Windows Phone that I already purchased in Xbox Live, especially since the apps are called Xbox Live apps. Why pay for Plants v Zombies on this phone when I already paid for it on Android and Xbox Live? This is a great phone, at an amazing price. It feels like Android did a couple years ago when we were waiting for all the apps. Once they get here this will be a great alternative for gamers, productivity/business users, and casual users/iPhone users wanting an alternative to Apple's high prices. Great phone!For some reason the usb cable goes faulty easily, I bought so many USB cables, and the same thing goes with the earphones. I liked windows phone 8 at some point, but the lack of apps and support were a drawback. I even bought wireless back cover and wiresless charger, few months and died. It was a horrible experience. I won't trust microsoft after this experience.I now use the HTC but had Nokia for a couple years. The camera doesn't zoom and its thicker than the HTC. The battery will come out of the Nokia. The HTC on the other hand is a bit longer but its thin. Had to get an aftermarket battery for the Lumia. The battery doesn't come out of the HTC. They both have similar features so you don't have to learn to use both. They're both the same in alot of ways. The Nokia 922 is a Nice backup phone.what a great experience. love this phone. really fast, great display and feels great in my hand. I enjoy the window os. MSFT did a great job with the social connectivity and ease of use.Don't buy this phone, it's incredibly unreliable and the software is glitchy. Problems: -- Bad software where you are constantly and inexplicably being dropped out of applications to go back to the home screen. -- Poor wireless connectivity, often applications will say you have no internet or cell service when you in fact do. --Usb connector on the bottom is s***, most attempts to plug in do not actually charge your battery. Usually you need to spend 1-3 minutes fiddling around with the usb cord to get the battery charging icon and then sometimes it still randomly stops charging -- Phone randomly turns off. Yes, for no reason, your phone will just turn off and you need to turn it back on. -- After less than 4 months the phone is dead. Yes, dead, never to return. A true piece of s***. Summary: A true piece of s*** phone. Not worth your cash or the blood, sweat and tears of the factory workers churning out this garbage.my wife got this phone a couple of weeks ago because her friend had just picked it up. they both have been having trouble with this phone, as of today, this will be the 10th time i had to take out the battery to reset phone. First day no one received texts, remove battery. Next receiving double or triple text, remove battery. Now phone is frozen, remove battery. we have not added any apps to the phone, we have updated the phone(software) since. not worth the headache.Love it.I'm 14 and this is just fine and my mom didn't go broke buying it!Phone is top notch!This is a great device, which I found to really exceed the reviews and attention it has received. I was originally hoping to get the Nokia 920, but it was not offered by Verizon. After a careful review of the specs between these two phones, I came to find that they are virtually identical with 4 main differences. 822 has over the 920: Removable battery (very important for me as I use my phone for tracking long bike rides and hikes using GPS and need to replace the battery) and Expandable Memory using a micro SD card. 920 has over 822: Improved screen (not really that noticeable side by side), image stabilization in the camera optics. This phone does everything I want. The NFC (Near Field Communications) is great for sharing photos and contacts with a friend. Its very fast and snappy, and the Microsoft Windows 8 software really impressed me. Everything (settings, photos, videos, etc) syncs to my private web storage on Skydrive, so when I take a photo, I can easily access it via the web site. The integrated Microsoft office is also really a nice feature. This phone is a great combo of quality hardware and well designed software. I'm really pleased with my switch from Android to Windows Phone 8.When I first heard about this phone, I was rather curious about how good the phone itself would be. Microsoft had been advertising the new Windows Phone 8 for a while and for a bit, I was divided between this phone and the HTC 8X. What really convinced me to buy this phone was its price. But when I started using it, I started to like this phone even more. HARDWARE: This phone has 16 GB of memory with 1 GB of RAM and a Qualcomm Snapdragon dual core processor. Unlike the HTC 8X and even the Lumia 920, this phone has a Micro SD slot to expand its overall storage which is a real bonus for me. It features a screen with a 480 x 800 resolution. Despite the low resolution, the screen quality is excellent with bright and vivid colors. To be honest, you won't notice much distortion of text except in small fonts on web pages, but that can be fixed by pinch-finger zooming. SOFTWARE: It features the Windows Phone 8 operating system. However, Nokia's windows phones all feature Nokia apps which are a real blessing since without the apps, the phone would lack a voice navigation app. The Live tile feature is also quite useful for checking things quickly. For instance, I can use the calender app's live tile to see my to-do list for the day without having to open the app itself. CAMERA: The phone features both an 8 megapixel camera on the back of the phone and a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front. The quality of pictures from the front camera leave something to be desired, but most people will rarely ever use the front camera aside from taking pictures of themselves. The back camera on the other hand has superb quality and is also capable of recording video in 1080p. The camera has a couple issues related to the software, but that should eventually be fixed with a couple of updates. BATTERY: For me, the battery life was excellent. I was messing around on the web watching videos, listening to the music and just web surfing in general. The battery lasted around 11 hours despite the workload I put on the phone's processor. I can easily assume that the battery will last much longer when the phone is on standby. Turning off NFC (Near Field Communication) will help increase the battery life further. CARRIER: Verizon overall has been an excellent service for me. I've had Verizon phones since I was 16 years old and I never want to stop. The people at the Verizon stores are always friendly to me and I rarely ever find a spot without reception. For those of you who hate Verizon, but still want a windows phone, consider the Lumia 920 that's AT&T exclusive. CALLS: The phone has exceptional call quality with a microphone that picks up my voice with exceptional clarity while I can easily hear what the person on the other end is saying with my speaker. It can be a bit loud for some, but adjusting your speaker volume will easily fix that. APPS: The App store has some good apps, but is overshadowed large number of 'junk' apps, but that may have to do with the fact that there aren't enough good developers creating apps for Windows Phones yet. However, I believe that in time as more people buy Windows phones, developers will take their time and begin developing more excellent apps in the future. OVERALL: I must tip my hat to Nokia for creating such an excellent phone at such an excellent price. Nokia has always had a reputation of creating durable phones that last a long time. I will easily recommend this phone to anyone and everyone who is thinking about buying a new phone. You can't get a better phone for $99.99. Period! Update: I'm seeing this phone available for $0.01 on Amazon. I thought a price of $99.99 was worth it so getting it for $0.01 is a steal! Update #2 (March 4, 2013): Three months later, I still like this phone. I've found that it syncs nicely with Windows 8 on my laptop and my Surface Pro with Office, SkyDrive, and its calender.Bought "used" off eBay. Got a sim from the Verizon store and activation was easy. This phone feels great in my hand. Bought an extra battery for $40. I bought a wireless charging plate and back for my phone for about $70. 25% off when you order over the phone instead of an in store purchase. Feels heavy and solid with the wireless charging back on. 32 gigabyte SD card. All that money an I still dropped it from 3-6 feet about five or six times. No broken anything so far. Thank God. Downloaded Nokia maps for the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Love Nokia drive. Great directions and I don't have to worry about a cellphone connection. This is especially useful in California. Windows 8 is incredibly smooth. Customizable tiles are awesome. I shut off the ability of all apps that I have power over from running in the background. My battery life is 1 1/2 - 2 days without charging or battery change on a conservative to moderate usage. Checking emails, making calls, short game play. Overall I love and recommend this phone. What I don't like about it is the camera. My HTC Trophy took better pictures. Sad. Camera is slow too. For a phone that is free with contract it's a steal. Even with the crappy camera. this phone became glitchy and started freezing and crashing as of 4/13. this is why i left android. i'm going to try appleThe Nokia Lumia 822 from Verizon is an excellent choice for Verizon customers looking to move to a Windows Phone. ASTHETICS I'll start off with the asthetics of this phone. This phone is much more attractive then the photos make it appear to be. PLASTIC - The plastic is sturdy and thick. The White glossy finish takes a hit in the quality department. The glossy finish gives off kind of a cheap look and feel. I feel the matte black and grey looks and feels much much better. It's sad because I was really gunning to get it in white until I saw it. The back cover uses a snap on clip system that hold firmly and does not flex without moderate force. The back cover features NFC but the WIRELESS CHARGING IS NOT INCLUDED. A new cover is required. FEEL - The sides of the phone have and inward slant from bottom to top which makes it comfortable to hold and easy to maintain a firm grip.The phone uses a wider display then you see on other phones. I have big hands and it fits well into them. It feels nice weight wise. It has a little heft to it when holding it but not heavy enough to be bothersome. It feels durable but it a little thick. If you like the iPhone 5 for it's size then this will surely let you down. BUTTONS - The buttons are located on the right side and are thin. They have a firm placement and a nice click to them. The click isn't loud but it makes for an excellent feel. The power button is placed perfectly for your right thumb, I however am left handed and I find it a little more difficult to press.The Photo button is a 2 stage button. It takes a little getting used to as the second stage feels muddy and firmer then the size of the button leads on to be. GLASS - The glass uses an edge to edge front with the exception of the plastic on the bottom portion of the phone. The bezel around the glass is very slight with no gaps. It sports a nice solid black surrounding the display with very responsive touch buttons below. HARDWARE DISPLAY - The display is a 480x800 AMOLED Gorilla glass 2 display. Don't let the resolution fool you though. The screen is bright and the colors pop nicely. I found it to look much better than the 8X display. When the display is turned off or is showing black it blends in with the bezel and looks great. The display sesitivity is great and features an ultra sensitive capacitive touchscreen that works with gloves on although your experience will depend on the gloves. Thicker leather gloves do not work. The touch buttons are just as responsive. PHONE- Phone calls are crystal clear and other callers hear me perfectly. Easily the highest performing phone I've ever owned smartphone wise. The speakerphone is loud and clear as well. The reception on this phone is great as well recieving a reliable signal in even the most problematic areas. CAMERA - This camera is amazing, for the most part. Low light shots come out great with the extreme flash good enough to take a good photo in a blacked out room. it does however suffer from oversaturation and sometimes the white balance just does not work out so well. I think it's more of a software issue and I expect the problems to be resolved in future updates. Nokia exclusive software includes Creative studio for photo editing and Cinemagraph to make animated photos. I took a picure with my daughter moving round in front of a mirror and edited it so she was standing still and just the reflection was moving. Everyone loves it. It outpaces my iphone in every way imaginable. The front camera stays on average grounds however. AUDIO - It features a mono speaker located on the bottom left of the phone. It's really loud but it suffers from a tinny sound. I could hear this thing from across the house though. The earpiece however sounde great and has excellent balance to it. I can hear people even in a noisy room. the headphone jack is on the top right of the phone and features features audio processing from Dolby to include an EQ and "Dolby Headphone". Dolby headphone would be best described as the equivelant of the Beats Audio software. It boosts some frequencies and thats about it. It helped out my high ohm headphones out a little bit but is not a replacement for a hardware amplifier. BATTERY - The battery is average and nothing to write home about. I use my phone moderately and it gives me about 16-17 hours on a charge. It stays at the 100% mark for about 2 hours and slowly rolls down hill after that. It is nice having the removable battery though. This includes talking, web surfing, apps, games, photos, texting, ect. MEMORY - 16GB on board memory provides about 12GB of free space after a hard reset is performed (deletes all of the downloaded maps from Nokia Drive). You can then download only the areas you need from Nokia Drive. It also sports an internal SD slot and the battery has to be removed to insert/remove the card. Apps cannot be stored on it. CPU/RAM - This phone has all of the same core hardware specification as every other windows Phone currently available in the U.S. The lower resolution display frees up some memory though and enables the OS to be zippier. SOFTWARE APPLICATION EXCLUSIVES - One thing you get with Nokia is exclusive software. Nokia Drive is not on other handsets yet. It also includes a few extra "lenses" (photo apps) such as the aformentioned cinemagraph, Panorama, and smart shoot which takes a series of pictures and then lets you replace peoples faces until you get a shot where everyone is simling. These apps all work great and are fun to play around with. It also includes Creative Studio which is like a photoshop/Instagram filter app. It works well and holds alot of features. Other apps include ESPN, Univision, Words With Friends, Foursquare, Groupon, Nokia City Lens and more. There are currently 32 apps exclusive to Nokia phones on the store as of this writing. OS - Windows phone 8 is a whole new review, I came from the iPhone and I love it. There are enough note worthy apps available to keep me comfortable and the operating system holds enough features to be more then usable on a daily basis. It has it's fall backs but there is nothing to make me run for the hills. I can say that it runs like a champ on this phone. No stuttering, slow loading times, or crashes have happened on this phone. It outpaces my iPhones performance enough to make me go wow. The Verizon exclusive (for now) Data Sense software works great and tracks your data usage and breaks it down to Cellular/Wifi and each app usage and resets whenever you want it to. APP STORE - It's got alot of junk, but if you sift through it there is alot of cool stuff on there. Some things are slim pickings while others have a copy of a copy of a copy. It's no better then android or Apple. There are alot of big name developers announcing new titles every day. OVERALL Overall the phone is fairly attractive, solid, well designed, high quality and very usable. The only design problems I have is the power button being odd for a left hander and the 2nd stage of the camera button just not feeling quite right. The OS is fast, responsive and zippy. The phone works like a champ, The camera is a little quirky but it still is a great camera considering what you have to compete against. It's big and heafty but not quite a brick and I love that. The display is amazzzzzing even though he resolution is a little below current industry standards. Battery is good enough but could be better, I feel like I will get caught with my pants down one of these days. For 100$ you cant go wrong with this phone. It is way better quality then anything else you can find for this price and sets a standard by which every phone in its price range will need to improve to outpace it. If your looking into a windows phone This will surely not disapoint unless you really cant settle for the lower resolution display.I upgraded to this phone coming from the Moto Droid X2 back in March of 2013 and all I can say is that I will never go back to Android. The software is fluid and the phone is top notch. You will not be disappointed with Windows Phone 8 and Nokia. Blazing fast and a head turner this phone has it all.I have had this item for about 3 months now. There have not been many problems. It has been freezing for no apparent reason recently. But other than that, it's been great!This is such a fantastic phone. Microsoft is crazy to abandon the Windows Phone OS and Nokia phones!! I had an Android phone, and UGH.. its OS is clearly put together by committee. Windows is flawless.. and the Auto-Suggest feature is FAR superior to Android! So smooth, so accurate, so quick.. and the keyboard is a joy to operate - much less mistakes. The Nokia is a superb quality phone. This is a solid jewel.. beautiful perfect size to fit the hand - not too large like the "phablets." This has the feel of an ultra-luxury item. I get my two home emails and my work email on it now, so convenient. The browser is quick and responsive. The screen is just beautiful. I love the rich colors and sharp contrast. I love the text-to-voice on Bluetooth in the car. I'm amazed that this will serve as a mobile hot spot, too! This phone has the best camera I've ever had in a phone - the Zeiss optics and image stabilization give superb results - sharp, accurate, saturated colors with excellent contrast. The good macro operation is a nice surprise. Comes with 32Gb of resident memory, plenty for almost anything, easy to offload if it fills up, so no need to buy an extra memory card. I love this phone. LOVE it. It came unlocked, as advertised, works great with T-Mobile. Sound is better than my Android phone, signal reception is better. I'm stunned that you can get this much phone for $100. Buy this while you can!! Microsoft: PLEASE re-commit to your Windows Phone OS!! Nokia: OMG, the quality of your phones is so outstanding - PLEASE keep making them! I love being able to buy something so nice.. and NOT made in China! This is manufactured in Finland. How refreshing. I can't say enough about this phone.I really wanted to like this phone. The most amazing thing about it is the camera, the pics are awesome. However, the phone malfunctions often. I've have it less than four months and I've had to restart it many times, has notification problems, wi-fi is another issue and the list goes on and on. I would not buy this phone again or recommend it to another person. I am not sure if I got a faulty phone or if this phone is pure junk. I previously owned a nokia lumia 822 and I had no such problem.NOPE! Ain't NO support for this thing at all. The camera went dark on me after 2 weeks and I cant even upgrade this thing to Windows 10. NO Facebook access. Yeah, it does come with Facebook installed, but it just hangs just like all the other apps. I did make calls with it and that's it. I eventually upgraded to an Android J7 Star which I'm very happy with. THIS PURCHASE WAS A LOSS OF FUNDS.After being on iPhone, Android and Windows, this is still my favorite phone, the phone now is 3 years old, operates as good as new. Very sturdy phone, survived many drops (by accident), not even a small crack! Quite impressed by what Nokia did, hope Microsoft will keep it up!All in agreement, I received the product and it is as it appears in the description, of the announcement. I loved. Nokia is awesome. Thank youThe descriptions states: RM-820 4G Network LTE 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600. It DOES NOT WORK ON 2600!!! I travel a LOT for business and bought this phone to be able to contact clients and keep updated on emails and whatsapp. I travel to Brazil frequently and it DOES NOT WORK ON LOCAL 4G networks. I tried to update it and be able to set maximum speed to 3G (which shoukd work) but it does not allow me this option (blocked by ATT). FRUSTRATING as it states a 4G 2600 network and does not allow the user to set max speed to 3G (tha would work). RESULT: cannot use it in BRAZIL and other countries!!! wasted money...can anyone help??? MERCHANT: can you offer me a solution??? PLEAAASEEEE!!!! Otherwise, I love the phone!!The Phone works perfectly on T-Mobile's 4G Network. And with T-Mobile's simple plans, you save a significant amount of money as compared to a 2 year AT&T contract. The device doesn't have any carrier markings on it, and comes with a non-US charger, but they also send a US-compatible socket adapter, so there are no problems there. There is nothing on the product or packaging that indicates country of origin, but I'm assuming Malaysia since that was what was default when I booted up the phone.Love the features!! Love the Camera. User Friendly. Battery Life could be a little better and the App store doesn't have as many Apps as iTunes or Android. But the phone is great if you are not someone who is all about the Apps. Talk to Text feature is spot on. Better than iPhones (I previously had an iPhone). Pros: Ease of use User friendly interface Camera and Camera Features and Camera Apps Talk to Text Feature Cons: Battery Life - Not really a Con unless you will be using your phone for a long time during the day. Not as many apps as iPhone or Android Overall I love this phone and would highly recommend it.Overall is a great phone, I am huge Windows OS fan. Was able to upgrade to 8.1 immediately which was a huge plus. However, on the first day the phone locked up and had to hard reboot it. I have dropped it only 2 times on carpet, sometimes it gets really hot and freezes randomly. The features are great, love the yellow.problemas de configuracion, no estuvo desbloqueadoaProblem 1 - phone constant rebooting - updated phone software yay day or two later - Phone shuts down completely!!!! I am at a lost for words right now .... truly disappointed I think I just want to return it and no replacementI'm dissapointed, got the phone turned it on guess what touch screen is not responding. What next? Need help...Great camera but a bit heavy because of built-in wireless charging. Also it's best to buy the international version unlocked than the AT&T version and unlock it.I am an blackberry and android user. I picked up this 920 as a spare phone, and the price couldnt be beat. This phone is built like a brick. Its heavy and solid. The Camera is top notch. its Blows my 20mp Sony Xperia Z3 even though my phone is 3 years newer then this one. The phone is rather quick, and it takes no time to learn how to use it. Its really great to know that Nokia is going to be updating this phone to windows 10. Apple makes you buy a new handset to get the newest features. If only windows apps where as abundant as android id make the switch. all in all im very happy with my purchase. an easy 5 star ratingLove my phone it's very fast and works perfectly camera is very goodI would like to share my experience with this transaction. Received the phone promptly, beautiful little thing, that my daughter loved to play with. Windows applications for it may not be as plentiful as on Android, but they work surprisingly well. No issues. 6 months later the phone just hung. I have given CPR to Windows phones before, and saved two Nokia's that way (using Microsoft recommended recovery tool) but this time , it was not to be. I contacted the seller expecting a drawn out process, but was pleasantly surprised to receive a prompt response and a fair resolution. Highly recommend the product and the seller!My Third Windows phone and my second Lumia. I went with the 920 even though it has been around for a while, because I wanted to buy a cheap non-contract phone(this one is locked to ATT) and not get tied to ridiculous monthly "Next Plans" or extra fees for a two year contract renewal. The 920 has WP *8 and will support the 8.1 upgrade so i am waiting to install that. But I must say the job from WP7.8 (Lumia 900) to the 920 and WP8 is worth the price. Nokia Transfer My Data App was great for bringing over all my old SMS messages. Rest of Windows phone transfer is easy just sign into accounts and everything is there. Phone arrived new in ATT packaging (sealed), it is locked to ATT and fine that is who I use, sim card popped in and worked no issues have all my services and LTE data worked fine. Added the DT-900 wireless charge and an otterbox Commuter case works great and charges through the case.Iam very dissapointed with this device. only windows phone 8,I couldn't download any apps when I first got it, So I reset it and that corrected that issue. I also have issues w/wifi connections (but that could be self inflicted. But I will say that it seems like a great OS and I'd definitely recommend it .... :-)Had to purchase another one... Speakers stop working, Microsoft said it was out of warranty... Its cool, its like rolling dice sometimes...timely delivery, and the phone is awesome. The SIM is a micro-SIM, but they can cut your old SIM down to size if necessary.All very good, excellent seller, thanks.Not really what I wanted. I like my Lumia 640 better. It had some things that I liked.Received phone in great shape. Everything on it seemed to work well. Went to an AT&T store to get it activated. The phone wouldn't handle the SIM card and wouldn't connect to ATT. Asked for a refund/exchange. Refund approved quickly. Received personal Emil with apology. Good customer support.Stopped working after 2 weeksGreat phone for the priceWorks great. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.This is a good smart phone. Must install Nokia camera for better picture. Sound quality of phone is poor although I use beats headphoneThe first time we ordered this, audio was not working properly. The caller sounds like the person is in a tunnel but audio is perfectly fine when using a speakerphone. We bought a replacement but then got another defective unit. The second/replacement unit does not work unless on speakerphone. The caller cannot hear the other person.PHONE SUCKS BRAND NEW AND INTERNAL SPAEKER NO GOOD GOING BACK TO THE NOKIA 640 LTE BETTER CELL ANY DAY UPDATE SELLER WILL NOT PAY ME FOR SHIPPING BACK TO CHINA WHAT A RIP OFF DO NOT BUY " BEWARE BUYERS " 7/25/17Windows Phone just keeps getting better with 8 and now the release of 8.1 dev preview (which i installed on it after purchasing). The hardware is awesome and wireless charging is very convenient. Takes good pictures too. This was a replacement for another 920 I had that the screen had cracked after dropping it on hardwood floor (about the 15th time dropping it so it was due for breaking).This is nor an Unlocked cellphone. If you are not in US, dont buy this cellphone. Only works with AT&T network.Battery life in my unit was pretty poor :(goodI kinda hate I didn't wait to get a newer model phone, hummmm this phone is ok, for nowNice phone. Lousy reseller. It was supposed to be unlocked but wasn't. 5 stars for the phone 1 star for the sellerAndroid? aka Google? Watching, recording, keeping notes on every call, text, email and making money off you in ad's? Google's moto "used" to be don't be evil. That is certainly NOT the case any more. Don't like NSA? Thank Google. Owned one before getting the 1020 with crazy camera. AMAZING phone. Great Photos. Windows 8 is rock solid reliable. And I have used IPhone and Android native email apps and touchdown on both Apple/Android and Windows 8 default email is FAR superior. I still own the Galaxy S4, used to have S2. S2 is superior to S4 imo. Seemed much easier to use. Still W8 phone beats both S2 and S4. S4 is just stupid with feature creep overkill. So in conclusion: W8 Lumia 920, EZ to use W8 Lumia 920, Screen is amazing, Gorilla Glass sooo durable, viewable in full sunlight(try that S4..not happening) I DO NOT use screen protectors and lay this phone screen down with a PECK Candy Shell case all the time, will not slide off my dash with the PECK case. W8 Lumia 920, Pictures are stunning. W8 Lumia 920, Ultra reliable operating system, will not crash(again S4....crashed all the time) W8 Lumia 920, Corporate business email soooooo much better on this phone. Regular email like yahoo, gmail, etc. works fine on this phone. Unlike androids hodge podge of email apps and each one works different. W8 Lumia 920, ONLY phone to buy is a W8 phone, ultra reliable highest quality handset.The OS is now on par with others and beyond in some cases. I'm glad Microsoft finally put all the effort into a product to make it superb. The phone has a nice display and good battery. Mine easily lasts the day with some music playing, lots of texting, email and news checking. Speakers a good for a phone and the buttons are nicely placed. Easy to hit but don't snap when you pocket it. Overall size is perfect. I'm 6 Ft and wear a large glove. My wife actually has the bigger 928 and she loves the size. I think the old moniker might apply. Once you go..... bigger, you never go back.Windows Phone 8 is great. Nokia Lumia 920 is also great, except for the fact that it's not a phone, it's a phablet, so it won't work for most people.The phone is beautiful and looks better in person than on the picture! I am a Nokia lover, started using Nokia's in college and feel in love with the brand, consistency and easy to follow features. I've tried Samsung a couple times, just not as satisfied. I've heard different things about Nokia, some say "Microsoft bought them," or the phone is being "discontinued." I picked the Nokia Lumia 920 for the features, style and color and big nod to the Carl Weiss camera optics, this is my fifth Nokia phone. I highly recommend Nokia, it will always be my phone of choice.This is a wonderful step up from my Nokia 520. I originally had the budget AT&T Nokia 520 on the gophone plan. I got this phone new and in the AT&T box from phone zone. Delivery was faster than was expected. I received it 3 days earlier than the projected receiving period. Popped my gophone sim in and works great. This phone is even better with the windows phone 8.1 dev preview. (WARNING: any associated warranties with your phone could be lost if you install the developer preview on your phone). If you are looking for a reliable phone that does not cost 500 to 600 dollars, this would be a good choice. The only downside I do not like with the phone( and it isn't even the phone) is the limited apps and games availability on the store. But I don't really play any games on my phone anyway so to me it does not matter.The phone that I got from the particular seller that I got it from, Amazing 1980 with the description "very good" (not at all, seemed like an old phone with little glitches at first). It started going bad about a month after I got it. Apparently there is no give on the 30 days that I had never paid attention to as I've been buying on Amazon for a good long while and never had to return anything. I did read the reviews of the phone and the seller and decided to get this one. Of course an older model, so you need to be okay with that and I was. I dont need a fancy phone and I prefer the Windows phone. But this phone started getting too hot while charging, dying before my alarm goes off, even though its half to fully charged before I go to sleep and then freezing up, not responding to my touch for any reason, for several hours until it dies and then it's okay once I start charging it again, not until it's turned itself off though. Random, and too often, texts never make it to my boyfriend or children, etc or I don't recieve theirs. I've had it for 6 weeks and it doesn't look as if I'll be able to get a replacement or refund. I don't recommend this phone (although that could just be this phone) as I love the windows phones but I don't recommend that seller for sure.Unless you are a Canadian customer with a SIM for Rogers communications (Canadian phone company), I cannot recommend buying this phone. While my US SIM activates the telephone service and I am sporadically able to make calls, any time I use data, such as text, MMS or internet, the connection is reset as there are bad settings that home to DNS servers in Canada (which reject the requests because I am not a rogers customer). The Nokia AccessPoint application - downloadable from the store while connected to wifi) fixes some of the issues, but I still cannot use MMS features and the connection regularly resets when I am sending text messages.Good phone for simple task. But My husband's only lasted about 4-5 months. Needs repair for he gets the same emails multiple times and slower.Its a nice phone but its a brick! It is heavy and i wont be able to carry in my pocket. It is user friendly. I like windows for that reason. We have the fastest internet we can have and the phone still loads very slowly.This is a very nice true 4G/LTE phone. Good grip, feels solid in my hand. Vivid yellow body with green screen background (a little variation from what's shown on the picture) makes the phone look very stylish. Although apps may not be as many as other types of phone, but for basic needs and available essential apps, this phone is definitely entitled a 5 starts.This phone was actually for my kid, as I have had mine since January of 2013, and still love it. The Windows ecosystem is a huge factor in what makes the device great, being able to sync to your computer with SkyDrive and OneNote. Bing apps such as Bing Sports is a great all-in-one sports app, much like Bing News is for world and local news. All the Nokia apps in the HERE family (navigation, etc) are outstanding and their Nokia Music app let's you download hours of offline 'radio.' The once-upon-a-time lackluster app store is more and more flush all the time, although to be honest I never really saw a shortage of quality apps. As to the shipper and the actual device shipped, it is exactly as offered, brand-new in the box and on schedule. The software has been updated since the phone was released so it does take a bit to bring it up to speed, but that is really a non-issue.GreatHad a big scare with this phone, which is why I am taking 1 star off. When I turned it on all I could see was a red screen with a white Nokia logo at the top. Being new to WP8 I waited, and waited, did some research online, to no avail, did a soft reset, a hard reset. Nothing but a red screen. Had to go the Nokia website to download the Recovery Program, which for some reason was hard to install, run and make it work on my Windows 8 laptop (at first would not let me install it because W8 thought it was suspicious... doesn't Microsoft own Nokia now??, then the program wouldn't find the phone, then the download would stop after a few seconds or minutes but eventually finished - WAY TOO HARD!), but eventually I was able to re-install the OS and it started. Been working fine since then. Coming from years as an iPhone owner, there are some good and some less good. And WP 8.1 is coming so that should make things better. I am missing some apps but found some decent new ones. Battery is better than on my iPhone 5. Battery saver is useful, so is the ability to block some apps from running in the background. Screen is gorgeous, but that phone is a brick. Geesh, it's heavy. No case on that one! Dedicated phone button works well to wake up the phone and take a pic, but that process is far from quick, takes a few seconds. I have AT&T by the way. Was able to sync music from iTunes on my Mac (only non-DRM songs). Some odd things. Be prepared to enter your microsoft password a gazillion times - annoying. Phone numbers have to be entered with a +1 to be recognized by sms app, and the mail app doesn't like large inboxes. Coming from an iPhone 5 this is fast enough. Charging takes longer.Absolutely love all Windows phones!greatVery nice, beautiful, long life battery. Better then windows 7, good camera and lots of new apps. Its worth it.good seller and excellent productThis is the first smart phone I've owned, just getting out of the dinosaur age! It's pretty easy to navigate through what I need to do on it. We purchased two of these, and so far have been great. We need to go through the tutorial someday to get the full benefits of the phone.Excellent phone. Excellent seller.I have to return this phone. The headphone jack doesn't work properly. After owning it for only a couple weeks, I pulled the auxiliary cord out (after listening to music) and the phone continued to display "headphones". I tried a soft and hard reset, cleaned it, and tried many other suggestions from the internet. Nothing worked. While looking for solutions, I came across many posts with people stating the same problem with this phone. I am very disappointed. I love Windows phones and I don't want to use any other OS. But, there is so little to choose from for unlocked phones. This was a major disappointment for me.Love this phone even with the WP8.1 update I don't have some of the issues others had. My only complaint is the weight of the phone.This cell phone can give a really good time with your huge display screen what is virtually impossible to get scratchedtook some time to get the phone. The phone is excellent i love it but the headphones suck right side dont workThe phone is ok but I never buy a windows phone again due to poor quantity and quality of apps...i love this phoneMy daughter loves this phone. I find it to be very large.it is a very nice phone.I have had my phone for a few weeks now and I love it. It came on time and works great. Wasn't sure if it would come new and how it would work. So far no problems and I am glad I made the purchase!This is a great phone, I prefer Windows over Apple or Android. Great camera, great screen, Great Price.I generally love this phone for the specs, ram, memory, and awesome camera function but this phone is only good as well as its network provider only.Phone was not unlocked I sent it backGreat phoneWell the shipping took longer than it should have. I received it a week late. The phone Is pretty good however I had to go through a huge process of getting A sim card.funciona mal.This PARTICULAR phone (the 920) will NOT take Windows 10. So don't expect it. Buyers Beware, the apps for ANY and ALL windows phones is SO limited as to make their phones a flippin JOKE. App for that? ..they aint got it. you will be able to visit FB and Twitter, but if you want an app that is USEFUL to you LOCALLY, like for say your Library, almost any store, Schools, Taxis, Buses, Airports... FORGET about it, aint gonna happen. I don't care what version it is, because you can not do half the things other phones can do, probably not even a quarter! I have just about stomped on mine I'm so frustrated with NEVER being able to grab an app I'm needing. If you just want something portable so you can keep track of FB postings you'll be good with this, oh and you can get the weather! Yes the phone works, looks pretty, looks like a smart phone, you can fill it up with pretty pictures, but WINDOWS failed to realize that a "smart phone" that can't grab an APP, and does not offer their version of an app, is not so bloomin smart. Evidently when they failed to dazzle the market they decided to take their anger out on their buyers and deprive them of anything truly useful. Friggin windows... THIS is why you see so many of these phone for sale at what "seems" a reasonable price. This was my 2nd windows phone, I had the 520 before, but this will be my last. The 520 at least took windows 10 (which gives you slightly more app availability) because many apps have stopped making them for less than v10.It is time, we move away from just dead boring icons, for how long, phones should just keep going, without innovating. It is very powerful phone and live phone, no phone can beat it. Way to go.I want to know if it has no zest and if it works correctly to be gsm and it's the more quickly you can put it in Miami responds fast please to askI needed a plain & simple phone. This one fits the bill. I suppose it has capabilities that I do not use (eg. texting, browser, etc.). I do not have a phone plan that accesses those, nor do I need them. All I care about is that I can hear the person at the other end of the phone clearly; I can hear my phone ring; I can hear my voicemail messages; and, the person I am talking to can hear me. This phone satisfies all of those requirements without all the costly frills! So it is OK for people who do not wish to spend outrageous amounts of money on a phone that they will not use to: Take pretty pictures; text and drive; use while ignoring life going on around them up close & personal; IMing; GPSing; and whatever else these megabuck mini-communications systems do. If all you want to do is talk & be heard & to hear (NORMAL telephone conversation), then this is the cell phone for you!Three weeks and the battery will not last more than 10 hours, ON STANDBY!!!! Phone is okay for a basic 3g phone that we are being forced into, but the battery stinks!This is a good, basic phone. It's easy to use for shorter texting and the other things you need a good basic phone phor.We thought the phone was supposed to be new but it seemed refurbished. It arrived fairly quickly after we ordered it - maybe within the week The phone worked with the SIM card we bought at 7-11. The only drawback was that the battery was drained after only about 12 hrs and a few short calls, so we needed to charge it every time we got back to the hotel. Didn't use any of the other features ... we just needed to phone to make reservations and meet up with friendsThis is a simple phone to talk and text. It works well. The sound quality is acceptable for the price. It has a micro usb charger which is the same charger used by most smartphones (android and windows) these days.My Mom is travelling overseas and needs a phone to stay in contact. She also needed a simple phone similar to her regular AT&T phone; therefore this was a good choice for her to take overseas. Since it is unlocked she will be able to put the SIM card for that country in the phone and have local number there.The phone did not arrive unlocked. When I put in my SIM it asked for an unlock code. I had to go on the web and find instruction for how to unlock it to be able to use on T-Mobile.My plan for these phones was to take it home to Belize since they were unlocked, but when I get home to Belize, the phones were not actually unlocked. As a matter of fact, I had to pay almost 75% of the purchase price to get it unlocked. Never buy an AT&T unlocked phones, because they really are not, especially to use overseas, they will let you down. They should refund all my money back because it was misrepresentation. It's stinks.Nice phone, basic options, no Bluetooth!It was a cheap piece of junk. I had to buy another phone that my senior father could understand. Don't buy. It's a Kack or Haven knock-off.The volume is low even when it is on the highest volume and can't hear the phone most of the time, also feels like a play phone I am not satisfiedGreat phone, it is new as described...It doesn't have a camera on it, but it's for my mom and dad they are technology challenged, but I love them!!! Anyways, nice, it arrived and required your signature so I appreciate the care and concern for me to receive it as it is for my parents! Again it arrived, the 14th (I ordered the 10/11th), but got it today, since you had to sign w/ my impatient mail carrier not giving me time to get to the door(LOL) so awesome service I've ordered from the seller before as well and they always give great service...thank you!This is simply what I needed as a cellphone. Very satisfied. I recommend it to everyone who need an easy phone to operate. THX !!!Bought this for my 66 year-old mother who needs a simple phone to use in an emergency - she said, "It doesn't have a camera!?" Who knew!!Phone overheats and looses charge right away.I would say its a nice good looking phone the only thing about it is that they lie about the phone being unlock that's a lie I buy 2 of the phone thinking it was unlock like they sad and I end up taking the phone to a cell phone shop to be unlock the a the bigs lieAll I was looking for was an unlocked phone that would work with my Razr phone because all I am interested in is making & receiving calls - - - none of the other stuff. It was my understanding from my research that this phone was compatible with my old Motorola Razr cell phone. However, when I received it I discovered my sim card was a little too small and would not fit as it should in the slot. I checked the refund policy of Amazon and resigned myself that I was stuck with it. A couple of weeks later I was reading some experiences of others and how well they were treated by Amazon. All I had done was open the package, open the phone, and attempt to install my old sim card. So, I e-mailed Amazon and they were very nice and understanding. Amazon agreed to accept the phone back and give me a full credit of $39.99. The phone appeared to be "new" and first class for an old "dumb" phone so it is probably a great phone.Very good simple phone.. I recommend thisAt time of purchase it was not unlocked!!!!!!!!!. After being unlocked it was very good. Would recommend to someone interested in the hassle of unlocking.Phone re-locked itself after 4 months of use. Very frustrating.AT&T refused to activate the phones saying they were stolen from Walmart. Finally had to return the phones, get a refund and order phones elsewhere.Received Samsung phone quickly and it was well packed. This was a gift for my mother and she loved it. The pricing was very reasonable.good productits good for what it is. it is very basic, however- though that was entirely my discretion. I recommend itJust what i needed I love thisVey very Good PhoneI have ordered an unlocked Samsung Mobile . But it is still locked. I want use that internationally. I buy that mobile to use in india. But it is not unlocked for Indian.This phone was locked when It arrived, totally NOT how it was advertised! So it is not usable as is! Bad buy!The phone was delivered unlocked , but after two days it was LOCKED by AT&T. NOT a good buy!! I will return the phone .This phone cannot use with T-Mobile SIM card ,but it call itself UNLOCK phone,I don't like that.it is a Prepaid phone .the charger never comeAn easy to use basic phone that works on the 3g network. Voice and text are all that I use a phone for so it works great for me!Messaging very cumbersome and confusing. Can't figure out how to refer back to Sent messages. Sent many blank messages to contacts while trying to understand the procedure. Probably going to return the phone. I only changed because ATT is discontinuing 2g and made me do it.I purchased this cell phone and you get what you pay for except even though it was labeled as unlocked, it wasn't. Had to pay 30 bucks to unlock it.Never workedThe camera is not working and how does it work, try and try but did not work so what do you recommend and it's possible way changed a new one.This phone is not unlocked. Beware it is useless.Well, I had to leave my smartphone at home and start looking for a no-camera phone due to a new job... No camera phones are allowed due to secret nature of the facility and I was not about to be cut off from the world for 9 hours a day. With this, I can get calls and txt, which is the absolute minimum for me. Web and facebook can wait, but I need to touch base with people during the day and be reachable in an emergency situation. This phone took my T-mobile SIM without any problems. With minimum use of some texting and some phone calls this phone stayed charged for a week. It's a great buy. I wished I could have gotten an old camera-less blackberry but without a blackberry data plan nothing works, etc, hence, this little phone. On weekends, I just slip the same SIM back into my normal phone.Samsung always goodGreat ProductThis was advertised as unlocked. It is no contract, but locked to AT&T. Don't trust a seller that doesn't understand the difference.The phone is slender and compact but has internet access. A good phone for the price and I would recommend the product.I put the sim card from my phone into this one. It worked but I didn't care for all the navigation I had to go through to make a call, and just to find the apps I wanted. I decided not to keep the phone. I put the sim back into my original phone and found that when I dialed a number, I kept getting the ATT recording, "than you for calling about your ATT CELLUAR SERVICE." I called my carrier and they told me that this phone has been reported as STOLEN.Phone is good if you just need a phone with none of the bells and whistles...would recommend it to friends and family.it is okSmall and very light, simple, when just a phone is needed. Amazing battery life.Nice little phone. Inserted Family Mobile sim card, and it works like a charm! The battery lasts for days without having to be recharged. I am very happy with this purchase!Its a very basic phone and its what i paid for. Graphics are a little rough and usage is a little difficult.My family has the flip phones. Just advised today we can NO LONGER USE THEM, WE HAVE TO BUY NEW because 3G is no longer being used. Save your money!I have had my phone for 1 day now. First off, this phone is only 3G network speed, not 4G or LTE. Maybe this is OK for what I need, but the first review that pops up for this phone says it is LTE. well, it isn't. it's 3G folks. My phone was new. It was made in Vietnam apparently. I am on Tmobile and was upgrading from a Galaxy S3 that was having some problems after 3 years. For the price savings (<$300) I can live with 3G. The good thing though is so far the phone reception is amazing. my previous phones have all dropped calls all the time and given distorted call quality. So far this phone is flawless as a phone. I noticed the WIFI calling feature is missing on my phone. This sucks. being able to just click a button and use WIFI for a free and perfect call in low reception area was a great feature on my S3. it is not on this phone unfortunately. I use Gmail for my contacts, so they came up automatically on the new phone once I gave it my gmail address. Then I used the samsung free smartswitch app to move everything else. Just leave the simcard in the old phone, download the app on the old phone, then connect the new phone to a WIFI and download the same app from the playstore. Then just open the app on both phones, place them adjacent to each other and tell both phones the orginal phone is an android then hit send on the old phone. 20 minutes later and the transfer is completed. Then just move the sim card and you are all done. the only thing that did not transfer is my Notes Lite app. not sure why, but it didn't. Oh, the charger that came with it is an international 2 round prong type plug, so that is useless in the USA. But I already had a dozen chargers so not an issue for me. I ordered a couple spare batteries and stand alone wall charger, plus a stretch rubber case. should be all set now. I like the phone, especially for the money. And it is unlocked, so no mandatory bloatware. Just delete stuff if you don't want it. I haven't tried the camera yet. Also noticed some strange app for the Koran on it. Simply deleted it. Rather odd, but maybe in Vietnam this is a standard app?Right out of the box, the Galaxy S4 was a product with a great design, feel, and interface. The OS and features are very user-friendly and offer a great deal of customization if desired. Most of the nifty yet gimmicky features were simple to disable, leaving a smartphone with overall solid functionality and an overall solid price (given that it's now two generations old). Needless to say, I fell in love with the unlocked Galaxy S4 pretty quickly after receiving it in the mail. That is, until days later when I set up my mobile plan, popped in my SIM card, and learned that the device would not read it. With a quick Google search or two, it became increasingly evident to me that the S4 failing to read SIM cards is not just a very deep-seated issue (I think I saw 25 different solutions, none of which worked for me, as well as many others), but also a very common one for such a high-tier phone. This version was covered by a warranty (maybe U.S. only, not sure), but after reading stories of Samsung's half-baked "solutions" to the issue (i.e. offering to replace the motherboard so the issue can resurface several months later), I quickly decided to simply cut my losses and return the phone. While the phone I received may have been the odd lemon out of thousands of perfectly functioning S4's, I would recommend that you Google the SIM card issue with Galaxy S4's before making the decision pay for this device upfront. You may be surprised (and disappointed) by how frequently it seems to occur. This is not to say that other phones don't also have defects, but it's more than a little alarming when the defect in question disallows the phone to function as a phone. Would've easily been 4 or 5 stars without the out-of-the-box defect though.So far, not so happy. The phone arrived today. I couldn't get my SIM to work with it, feeling like an idiot. There was no easy way I nor the Amazon customer service rep could figure out with respect to contacting the seller. It took me going to the T-Mobile store to realize that it wouldn't work with the SIM that I currently had, so that was a bit of a nuisance. Right now I am charging the phone, a call came in, I tried to answer it, but the the phone immediately died. If you have the time to deal with these hassles, sure buy the phone, if like me, you wanted a user ready phone once you opened the box, then don't. Also, I purchased an unlocked, international friendly phone, on the side of the box it says "American SIM Card Only: This product is only compatible with a SIM-card issued from a mobile operator within the Americas...to use SIM cards from other regions, a cumulative call over five minutes must first be made with the SIM card from American operators. If a SIM card issued from another region is used for activation, the phone may not work. In this case, the device will need to be released at the nearest Samsung service center"...so I guess we'll just have to wait and see if this works in E. Africa. This was definitely not what I was intending to purchase.The phone seemed alright at first, though a little slow to boot up the camera. Gradually, however, it began to lag more and more, until recently it seems to freeze every 5-15 minutes while I'm using it. I usually wait it out, but often have to turn the screen off and wait a minute or two before it will respond to me pressing the button to turn back back on. I've only had this phone around 3 months. I don't know if I just got a lemon or if a good number of of these phones are broken. I should have paid more attention to the negative reviews when purchasing. My last phone, which this was to replace, was also an s4 purchased through Amazon. However, that phone was purchased a part of a 2 year contract (not unlocked, us version). My old s4 phone worked beautifully for a little over a year (none of these lagging/freezing/slow-camera issues). Rather suddenly, the screen completely stopped working (I got the black screen of death, which is apparently not an uncommon problem with s4 phones) but it was already a month past the warranty (hence looking for a new phone. Even though that phone failed, I rather liked it and expected this phone to be the same quality; however, I've been rather disappointed. My final verdict is that this phone is still usable (for now) but certainly not worth the price, or the the time spent waiting for it to respond. I'm constantly worried that this time will be the time it stops responding completely. In my opinion, your time, money, and stress is better spent elsewhere.I purchased this phone in October of 2015. Though it had a few errors and quirks to it, the phone worked fine most of the time. After less than a week of using the phone, it would reset every time I set the phone on a hard surface (counter, desk, coffee table, ect.) While this was frustrating, I got used to being very gentle with the phone and to set it on soft surfaces most of the time. After two months of using the phone, the camera stopped working. Each time I would open the camera application, I would receive a "The Camera has failed" message. After multiple troubleshooting attempts, I gave up on the camera. After three months, charging the phone became a problem as it would often fail to charge. It would repeatedly start/stop charging until it ran its battery to 0%. Often I would go to sleep with the phone charging and set my alarm only to wake up late with a dead phone. Extremely frustrating! Finally, in March of 2016, along with tons of software issues, the phone is unable to charge and does not respond to USB. Six months from delivery to DEATH! A complete flop. Doesn't even make a nice paperweight. I highly recommend avoiding this product.Purchased this "new white unlocked international" Samsung Galaxy phone in December 2014. The phone worked fine until just recently when it started losing its battery charge quite quickly and not holding a charge. Called Samsung to see if they would honor the warranty. Samsung told me that with the serial number I provided the phone was manufactured red in color and that it was an A T&T phone and not an international version. Samsung told me they could not guarantee that this was a new phone because of the information they had and that possibly it was a used phone or perhaps a refurbished phone. In any case, Samsung would not honor the warranty. Called Amazon with this information. Amazon is going to provide a full refund as soon as I return the phone to them. Thank you Amazon!This product was sold be seller called SeptemerTex2015W. Seler - ''SeptemerTex2015W' does not have even a call back working number to register complain or an email address raise a complaint and amazon sells products from such sellers !!!! It such awful situation to be in as the mobile was bought as birthday gift !!!! The Product is a Samsung GT I9500 phone built for Levanta(Middle East) region and not for US. The White Samsung handset built does not have the quality what we get here in USA. 1. The Wireless conked' off within 3 months 2. Bluetooth stopped functioning 3. The Battery which comes with this product got swollen up and as a result has broken the touchscreen of the phone. 4. The accessories (ear phones) have stopped working. 5. The Charger does not charge any more Amazon refuses to get this replaced as the return policy is only for 1 month and the SAMSUNG USA does not even sell you a Battery for this Mobile hand set as replacement.Really pleased with my phone. I bought this one to use with a no-contract Net10 card (30-day plan). Had concerns about buying an International version, and sure enough -- when I had a problem with receiving group/MMS messages that Net10 couldn't help me fix, Samsung said it was because an international version isn't made to work perfectly with any one network... just to work a bit with every network. HOWEVER, the next month I called Net10 to activate a phone card and mentioned the messaging problem. The rep gave me new info to list in my settings, and the messages started working perfectly! I thank God I got in touch with the right customer rep. I've had no other problems with the phone. :)I bought this to use with Walmart's Straight Talk $45 a month plan and it is a great phone for the price. Even better that as cell technology continues to decrease in cost, I am not locked into any contract. This is an unlocked international 'sim' type cell. My 1st complaint it that no matter how many tech sites I go to, I still have not found the correct code to get Media Messages though texting. My other issue is that while talking on the phone, it is too sensitive and sometimes my cheek or earrings push buttons, change settings, etc when I am talking .Samsung Galaxy S4 i9500 Factory Unlocked cellphone, International Version, 16GB, White Recently I bought a supposed "brand new" Samsung S4 through Amazon and went it to Brazil with me. After about 1 day and a half of use, the phone just stopped working, the led touch screen wouldn't work so I couldn't even unlock the phone. I called Amazon multiple times to change it for a new one, the costumer service was terrible and the only thing they would tell me is that the phone wasn't on the guarantee anymore. I only used the phone for a day and it broke for apparently no reason. When i came back to US, I took it to two specialized stores and they both said and pointed out that the phone wasn't brand new, it was used and opened before and that was probably why the touch screen wasn't working. The Samsung S4, that I bought thinking that it was new as advertised, was actually already broken and I couldn't return it because of the guarantee. What Amazon did to me was disrespectful and wrong.As so many customers have stated; this is not a new Samsung Galaxy S4, it has already been activated on a Chameleon network & can not be activated on the Sprint Network !!! It was shipped out in a foreign language, the authorized Sprint agent had to Google the symbols to determine how to get it back to English. She tried; unsuccessfully for close to a hour and a half to get it activated on the CDMA Sprint network. She was not able to. This phone has already been activated on Chameleon network & could not be switched! This company is commenting fraud by claiming that these phones are new & can be used on the Sprint Network !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Bought item described as "Used - Like New" and received a physically flawless device (couldn't find even a tiny scratch or scuff even under a super bright light. Only thing that disqualified from being "New" was not coming in retail packaging. Phone arrived in an anti-static shock-absorbing sleeve with a nicely packaged charger, headset, and battery. My local store gave me a SIM card and activated it on my account in no time I was up and running. Super happy with the purchase especially for the price, and I don't think there's anything the S4 isn't capable of that the newest smartphones are, other than spontaneous combustion. Seems that some of the issues people have been having with international devices is probably related to the seller -- would probably be good to check their page before purchasing. I'm more than satisfied.PRO: FAST! Nice firmware!(Needs tweaking out of the box though) Great Camera with decent low light pics!(Better than iPhone 5) [auto setting needs improvement though] Screen is AWESOME! Resolution makes text clear and pictures look nice! Battery life is great, and removable so you can carry a spare!(I have loved loved the ones from Hyperion) Battery charges FAST with included wall charger! CONS: NO GORILLA GLASS, screen broke when dropped WITH A CASE ON Lack of free device memory(slightly improving with new firmware updates) Screen resolution can make some thing a bit small for those with poor eyesight(fine for me) Screen isn't quite as bright as my Note 2 for outdoor use, but it is tolerable Some buggy software, but keeps getting better with fairly frequent updates No WiMax, obviously they won't put this in an LTE device, but Sprint has very few markets with LTE, and not-so-great 3G speeds I don't like how Samsung implemented the lock screen widgets of 4.2+, but that could get better Incompatible with the old NFC tags(may irk some, but I never used them)Ok most of the reviews I went here aren't really covering anything except for "the price" and other un related stuff. Anyways I'm coming off of a iphone 4s and I've had experience w/ android and apple devices. Also I work as an IT. Don't worry I'm not gojng to tech speak you to death. Pros: Pretty decent speed. Battery lasts a while under certain usage (I'll cover the bad in the con). But for the most part, I'll go to the gym etc for a few of hours and It'll still be in the high 90's. Iphone would be 70% or lower. The Android experience is pretty good on this phone. The graphics and video are also nice as well. Keeps better track of emails than my iPhone and computer. Although my iphone gets emails 5 sec earlier. Ummm kind of a good work phone. Well its good in the aspects of continuously staying in contact w/ others. It's actually starting to read my mind on things. And I like some of the functions where it accommodates to you. Cons: Battery life. If you're plugged into the computer and using it for certain things, you can actually use more power than it's charging with. In other words you may still be draining power while charging on the computer. During some times when constantly using this, it will take a big chunk. But not as much as the iPhone. The speaker/audio is pretty poor. At work we tried to use it on a speaker mode so me and a coworker could hear a project manager and it was just bad. Normally I use earbuds w/ a mic in it. Sprint sucks... I had to contact BBB again about them... again. It's kind of not a good work phone in the aspect of the camera isn't as detailed/clear as the iPhone one is. Iphone I would take pics and/or scans of documents then send them out. This one, its more of a hassle. Doesn't quite do it or it requires more takes. I still keep my iPhone around. Has too many functions that rely on gps, giving out signals, locations etc. It's annoying at times; only cause I don't like things like that. Has alot of functions but a good amount are hidden or should just be categorized better. Had to ummm do a little work on it so I can have a little more freedom with it. (Not rooting). Etc: Rooting: Rooting (even one click), is illegal and will void your warranty. Also if you're a newb you may do something that will brick your phone. Keep in mind that there's also chances that your phone will be glitchy, turn evil, be vulnerable etc. Always back up your info yada yada. Also don't be an idiot and brag about it on here. Alot of companies read these ratings, and they can always come up w/ something to block it. In other words, don't mess it up for others. People are perfectly capable of googling.Pretty top of the line last gen phone. So far I have experienced no issues with this phone, other than the wi-fi has a tendency to drop/not maintain connection - even when there is a strong signal. With BT 4.0 (including BLE), Ant+, NFC and IR, this phone has all the connection bells and whistles that you can ask for. Battery life generally lasts about 5 to 6 hours on moderate constant use. The screen is vibrant and responsive and sound quality (through headphones) is fantastic (with the ability to "tune" the sound quality to your hearing spectrum.) For the cost, I managed to pick this up for a penny with a 2 year contract renewal through Sprint. Well worth the upgrade from my previous phone (LG Viper) at that price point. Unless you absolutely need all the bells and whistles that the newest generation phones are coming with (looking at you Galaxy S5) this one will more than meet the needs of the average consumer.Overall, the phone is not bad, though there are a couple of issues which, if I had known about ahead of time, may have put me off buying it. I have been a loyal Samsung user for my past three phones, and have liked them up to this one. First, there is a lot of bloatware that can't be gotten rid of without rooting and breaking warranties. More frustrating, with this phone Samsung has taken away the ability to turn some of those apps off, even if you can't get rid of them. In my last phone, a Note 2, I could turn off/disable the Samsung calendar. I much prefer Google's calendar app. In this handset, not only can I not turn off the Samsung calendar, it is constantly changing its settings AND Google calendar's. I try to turn the S calendar notifications off, and it turns them back on without warning. This would be bad enough, but it also turns off my Google calendar notifications, and changes the starting day of the week, the week number showing, and the default notification time. The Samsung calendar is like a virus that won't go away and can't be removed that seeks out any other calendar app and tries to override it. I tried the app "S Planner Killer", but I still have to go through with every reboot and put the calendars back to my preference and force stop the Samsung calendar. If you can live with this, the S4 handset is a fine one, it's a standard smart phone. Great camera, though I don't like how Samsung has changed how it works, the size and weight are nice, and it seems to handle everything else just fine.I LOVE my GS4! It boot so far and runs so fast! I also think it's essential that it has a microSD slot and a removable battery. This is the reason I chose Samsung over HTC. My previous phone was an HTC and it did have a microSD slot and removable battery but with the One series they chose to follow Apple with a sealed unit, which was a deal-killer for me. I never have to worry about battery life as I always have a spare battery charged in my pocket and I have battery chargers at home and at work as well as wireless chargers at home and at work. I pretty much swap batteries whenever my phone drops below 30-40% battery. Swapping and rebooting takes just seconds and them I'm back at 100%. I have a 64GB microSD and it's awesome but I do wish I could get a 128GB. I have a TON of music on it (about 470 albums). By comparison, I recently got my wife the iPhone 5s 32GB and I am unable to even put 120 albums on that before it's filled up. My main complaint about the GS4 is that the power button is on the side. It should be on the top as I bump it a lot accidentally with it being on the top. I am curious what'll happen if and when Samsung comes out with a flexible phone. I hope they'll still be able to offer a removable battery and microSD slot. Incidentally, the camera on this phone is amazing! It's definitely the best small camera I've ever used. The only thing that does better for me is my SLR but that's too much to lug around. Also, the sound quality on the GS4 using Viper4Android and my Philips headphones cannot be beat!i bought this phone for my son (who decided to leave the iPhone ecosystem). it has some nice features...the call and sound quality is better than my iPhone 5S, setting up google products was easy (no surprise there), and the screen is nice. for me, it is not enough to get me to leave my iPhone, though (not just because i develop iPhone apps). the device is just too big. i have to hold it in one hand and navigate with the other. it definitely gives the impression that it was designed for a population with large hands (and feels bigger than my Nexus 4, which is also a little too big...). my iPhone fits comfortably in the palm of my hand, and i can navigate around with just one hand if needed. i know that there are vocal people who want apple to release a larger iPhone, but i think the current dimensions are just fine the way that they are. if i want a larger screen, i'll use my iPad, Xoom, or Nexus 7. i was afraid that the phone would feel cheap (it is light), but after putting it in an otter box protective case, there was a little more heft and substance to it. it is nice to be able to swap out (or replace) the battery. my son is happy with the phone (he has larger hands!), and i did find myself being impressed with the things his phone could do. i gave it 5 stars because he is happy with it, and i am impressed with the technology. while i prefer apple's products, i can appreciate the quality of the competitors.If you are trying to get a phone that you can use in America, do NOT make this purchase. When I received it and turned on the phone everything was in Arabic; that was red flag number one. After getting the language changed to English, realizing it wouldn't work because there was no SIM card, taking it to the Sprint store and waiting for about an hour, all hope was lost upon realizing this phone was only tied to Yemen and would not work on our continent let alone the USA. I recommend you don't waste your time and money here.I actually don't use my phone much. That means that if I leave it sitting around unused for, say, 24 hours, I want there to be significant juice left. My previous phone, the SII, even after the installation of a new OEM battery, could barely last 24 hours while it idled. That meant that my phone owned because I had to always make sure it was plugged in. Thus, I'm quite pleased with the S4. It idles much more efficiently (and or has a bigger battery) to the point that a single charge can last 72 hours or so (as I write this, my phone has been unplugged for 44 hours and has 39% battery remaining). In addition, the S4 is snappy and very useable when I need it. The Sprint 4GLTE network coverage leaves much to be desired, but that's not the phone's fault. On the downside with Android, I worry that future updates to the OS will slow down the phone and drain the battery (as seemd to happen with the SII). But that hasn't happened yet and I'm very pleased with my purchase.I previously owned the Samsung S3 and I am impressed by this baby! Samsung made a huge jump from the S3 with just about every aspect. The S4 is an amazing phone. It is a popular phone which means the accessories will be cheaper than the rarer alternatives. I choose this over the HTC One since it has a removable battery which to me is a must have since I often travel and carry a spare battery. The camera quality is also amazing, there are lots of effects that will sharpen the image and the screen is very glossy and sharp. I love just about everything when it comes to this phone. All the usual specs are there and the processor is much faster than the S3. Overall, this is a great phone, I used this to travel and it can handle anything you throw at it.In the description it said this phone was in very good condition.. which it was only in ok condition.. usually when you buy a used phone its because your old phone broke or stopped working. When I went to turn the phone on it went on..... but only for a little bit.. it would get to the main screen and than shut off... I did this over and over until I learned that this phone has battery issues and the battery it originally comes with isnt great at all.. (no big deal it was a cheap phone that I needed quickly) but it would have been great to know that I needed a new battery when I purchased the phone so I can have a working phone for work (ASAP)The AMOLED display in the Galaxy S4 is VERY brittle and prone to cracking just from the slight pressure of being in a front pocket! I've had mine for 6 months and up until yesterday was very happy with it... then yesterday I took it out of my pocket, and the screen had a crack UNDERNEATH the gorilla glass and would not turn on. (I keep my phone in a UAG case, and have never dropped it. it is still in pristine condition, besides the cracked display. Also, I'm not one to wear skintight jeans- so I never thought this would be an issue.) After a quick Google search, it appears this issue is very common, and Samsung will do nothing about it. Getting a new display means paying $250 (because there is a shortage of S4 displays... I can't imagine why). DO NOT BUY SAMSUNG UNTIL THEY FIX THIS ISSUE! Other people's accounts of the same problem can be found at these links: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2287882 http://communityforums.rogers.com/t5/forums/forumtopicpage/board-id/Android/thread-id/19121 http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/305142-brand-new-galaxy-s4-broken-no-reason.html http://samsunggalaxysforums.com/archive/index.php/t-10569.htmlGreat price for an upgrade, however the earpiece microphone that came with the phone was not a Samsung product, nor was it a headset with a microphone it was a very poor quality earbud headset (repackaged with the good one being resold?). when I purchased my Galaxy S3 a Samsung Earpiece and microphone was included with it, so I know the difference. As far as the phone goes I seem to not get strong signals and drop calls a lot. And the battery life is not as good as I hoped, requiring a charge before the end of the day.My phone prior to this was the Galaxy S2. You'd expect newer hardware to be better and the S4 doesn't disappoint. But, I feel like the overall experience is greatly improved in the S4. I never felt like the Andriod OS functioned well on the S2, but the Android on the S4 is great. I also seemed to have a lot of random app issues on the S2 that I don't experience on the S4. I was fairly happy with the S2, but never felt like it was a phone that I would keep. As long as some major change doesn't happen, I can see going a few years past my contract expiration before getting a replacement for the S4. Great phone, highly recommend.I suppose I should have checked the 1 star reviews before I ordered. Now I know to sort reviews by date and check the recent ones. Can confirm the Yemen Branding and build. Security sticker had been tampered with. I'd say this is NOT as advertised. Foreign versions of phones should be required to be labeled as such and the seal was broken ie not new. After way more effort than expected the device is activated on the Ting (Sprint) network. Luckily also managed to flash the device with a stock US sprint firmware.I love this phone. I went from an S3 which I also loved but had an opportunity to upgrade and have been happy. Compared to the 3, the screen is nicer, phone weighs less, and seems to operate faster. A few minor things have been fixed also. My only gripe (could be just Android) is that I have way too many apps I can't get rid of and don't want. I also get notifications like crazy for security, updates etc but again could be me being ignorant to settings. This phone blows the iPhone out of the water. My girlfriend is an Apple fangirl and even she said she likes this better.I bought this because I had a Samsung Galaxy S2 and loved it. The upgrade to the S4 did not disappoint. It's got plenty of space and the display is amazingly clear and bright. Even if there is something you don't want it to do or if you're trying to figure out how to do something, the support online is incredible. Gotta love the internet. Now, my phone does and does not do, exactly what I want. Love the flexibility and adjustability of this phone. Only drawback is that I can't take a picture or access the internet while on the phone (this is a Sprint limitationnot the phone's).It has been problematic since the beginning. First it could not connect to ANY wireless internet. Then it would over heat and drain the battery. I only got maybe two hours worth of battery life on any given day. Then the USB port went bad. It would not recognize any charger I plug it into. It would even fail to connect to my PC. It would even discharge when plugged in. I plug it in with like 50% battery and come back an hour later and the phone is dead and the battery completely drained. I constantly had to reset the phone. I sent it back to Samsung. The only reason I do not give this phone one star is because when it does work: The screen is fantastic and I really enjoy the OS. I also find the IR very useful.The best phone I have ever purchased for myself! I have had it for a year now and even though the Galaxy S5 is available, I'm not eager to run out and get it because this phone is so great. Normally, I get a new phone every year because I am eager to try out new features. Also, I just like to stay current with technology. However, the S4 is so spectacular - my urge to upgrade is almost non-existent.I went back and forth between the h1 and this one before deciding on the s4 I have to say I definitely made the right choice. The removable battery is huge for me, I carry around two of them all the time so I never have to worry about running out of power. Another big factor that I didn't see reviewed anywhere else is the fact that the phone charges up extremely quick. You would think with such a huge battery that it would take forever to charge, however this is not the case at all. It takes less than two hours to go from a low charge to fully charge. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a new high end phone. You won't be disappointed. Who cares if it is made of plastic? Everyone has a phone case so it really doesn't matter.I purchased the phone June 30th and now at the beginning of January the phone is completely dead. I had several problems with it and the phone would reset itself to the point where I had to reset everything up. Now I have to buy another phone.My daughter and I loved this phone. Everything worked great on it. The camera is really awesome ! I liked the S-4 much better than the S-3. This really is a great phone ! We changed carriers and had to return them. Actually, this particular phone is the best phone that I have over owed.This is my first touch screen and after reading the booklet cover to cover and taking my remaining questions to Sprint, I'm in love with this phone. Not only was the delivery timely, I highly recommend it to whoever may be considering upgrading. Why I kept my Blackberry for so long, I have no idea. Other than the hurdle of having thumbs for texting on a flat screen, this phone is a delight! Thanks Amazon for carrying it!!I came from an iPhone 4 which was great when I got it but Apple's updates turned it into a slow piece of junk. I was afraid to jump ship to Android because I'm pretty invested in Apple's ecosystem but I've found the transition to be pretty easy. Actually there are a lot of better apps available on the Play store. This phone is screaming fast. I didn't like a lot of the Sprint apps that automatically installed themselves when I activated the phone, but it was pretty easy to root (1 click!) Now I have CM10 on it and am tethering for free. 4g at my office is around 20mbps. Makes great phone calls too!Couldn't find this info anywhere in the description but this model is the Sprint spark SGH-L720T version with the tri-band receiver if anyone is wondering. Have had it a week and no complaints so far. Switched over from Verizon because they no longer offer unlimited data with upgrade. There isn't any 4g lte in my area yet but should be coming soon. The 3g speed and coverage isn't as bad as some reviews have said but ymmv. Phone is snappy, battery is alright. A second battery wouldn't be a bad idea.It seems great so far. The wifi (N) reception has not been great in a 1200 sqft house nor in a 2500 sqft house. Bluetooth range is actually better than the wifi! The battery life thus far has been superb and lasts a full day of power use with ~20% left over. This includes GPS on a 4 hour trip. The Samsung bloatware and wifi are the two reasons it did not get a full 5 stars.Came in very good condition as good as new and works pretty good.Baught it for my daughter and it is still her phone even after a year and two months.Only problem is battery sometimes die too fast which is why I gave four stars instead of five but for a refurbished phone it is as good as new.Purchased the Black Mist and the White Frost in June 2014. The White Frost has been virtually error free. Things that affected the Black Mist, for some reason, did not affect it However, the Black Mist has been a nightmare. From Sprint screwing up Sprint Zone with an update that rendered the phone virtually useless when not connected to WI-FI (over 2 months for viable fix), the inability to send and receive email consistently, sometimes not receiving phone calls or texts (shows no record), locking up, and displaying whatever time it wants to. I have to reboot the phone several times daily to get any reasonable service from it. I love the Galaxy line but the one they sent me is a lemon in every sense of the word.This phone has many great features that I keep discovering everyday. Now I understand why its one of the "smartest" of the smartphones. Its very intuitive and works well for many types of users. Get a screen protector and a sylish case you will have the only phone that you will want to love for a long time.Advertised as new. First time I tried to add to my Sprint account, the phone reset itself and came up in Arabic language. No way to use it after that. Returned it.Best thing about the S4 is the great battery life. Its really hard to kill the battery in an 18 hr day with semi-heavy usage. Phone is very stable and all my apps work with no issues as do all the various features of the phone. Most interesting is the temperature, relative humidity, barometric pressure, and light sensor. These are unique sensors for the S4. Absolutely no complaints except it might be just a little bit too big. Slightly smaller would be more convenient for carrying in your pocket, etc.Normal except phone powers off frequently/daily durine inactivity. Perceived to be dead battery. On the charger, vibrates/shows grey battery symbol, and repeats without effect. Remove/replace battery; phone powers up and shows 60% battery (varies by day). Validated for controllable factors, i.e., case not pressing power key.This is my second smart phone, first was the Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic 4G touch. Galaxy S4 is far more reliable than the S2 was, massively better GPS reception for whatever reason, which is a major plus. I messed up the USB port on my S2, wasn't due for an upgrade yet, so I purchased this at full price and it was WELL worth it!I was in the market for a new Samsung smartphone to replace my Galaxy S1. I am a Sprint customer and checked with them on price. They would never come close to 1 cent! I got it through Amazon. It was quick and cheap. Took it into my Sprint store to get it set up and I was good to go. It's a great phone.i should have looked at more of the reviews before buying this phone. I took it to sprint twice in one day and waited for four hours. Only for them to tell me they cannot do anything for me. The phone would not connect to the sprint network so that i could use data.I was an ATT customer with the note and i did not like the 2 gb data plan. So i jumped to the sprint unlimited my way and i love it. Phone arrived with everything and love the kit kat os. faster than my note and a much better battery supply. glad i made the purchase for 1 cent. Better than ordering it from sprint themselvesOverheated while charging and diedI had a Samsung Galaxy S4 that met an untimely end after getting wet. I purchased this product as a replacement. I attempted to activate it upon receiving it. After spending 2 hours getting hung up on or disconnected multiple times by Sprint customer service, I spoke with a supervisor who looked up the phone using the MEID and advised that they could not and would not activate or unlock the phone because the previous owner had a delinquent account. This just seems all around shady that the seller sold a product that was basically useless.I had a Motorola XPRT before this and it was not working well - had to wait months before I could upgrade to this phone with a Sprint Contract! It was cheaper to buy this online then it was to get it at the Sprint Store! This phone has a great camera as well! Best phone I have ever owned!!! :) Highly recommend this!!This is absolutely horrible. This was advertised as a NEW SPRINT Galaxy S4; the reality is it was not new, it would not activate on Sprint's network. Sprint Tech Department advised this device was not even compatible and the phone kept booting in Arabic. This is false advertising of NEW goods, ...they are NOT new. Don't be scammed like I was.Had problems with first unit not recognizing the SIM card. One phone call to the vendor and a replacement was on it's way. Up and running fine now.Can't download apps I bought a SIMS card to get rid of the constant message of "NO SIMS CARD" but it doesn't recognize that either. My carrier has attempted to solve the problems but it is not workingWorked fine for several days, but had to have a Sprint store re-activate it because I wasn't receiving mobile data for several days. It has mostly worked since then, but sometimes goes in and out. I assume it's more of a problem with the phone because my S2 didn't have this problem. I love the camera. I can zoom on 1080p now and can take photos while recording video.I Love Samsung ... can you tell? I have the S3 and wanted the S4 which is thinner and way lighter, also has more bells and whistles. Amazon offers a great deal with the Sprint wireless service....great as a gift or for yourself. Excellent product and I'll let you know about the Sprint service... just got the phone.So far the phone has lived up to all the amazing reviews I have read. The phone is proving to be a great asset to me at work and at home. The larger screen and the awesome touch sensitivity make everything easy to access and use. The battery life isn't bad either 1.5 days with no charging isn't bad seeing as my S2 was only .5 day. Overall great product at an AWESOME price. Activation was tricky as they link the phone to your account upon purchasing, but do not activate it. When you try to activate it says its already linked to an account. A call or trip in to customer service is required to have the detached then reattached as active on your account.Had Phone 1day, turned on fine at first, then started turning off and wouldn't turn back on fully after that at all. Took to sprint store to have them check the phone out and their customer service said the phone charging port was "fried" and the inside of the phone looked messed up - this was a piece of junk phone and was NOT in very good condition like it stated.Love this phoneI was sold on the HTC ONE..ready to buy when issues re:screen pixels. .overheating.. dents in the body..etc came up..not to mention The One as sweet as it is was a comeback phone for HTC....SO...I Went with a proven solid company... Samsung. I am actually falling in love with this beautiful S-4. I just love it !! Really happy with it..!! And I saved $100.00 on Amazon . com ...and got it in 2 days with my PRIME account. And wow, is this thing fast..!!! Thanks Amazon !!!Brought this phone, because it says it can be used internationally. Does not work internationally.Works OK on Wi-Fi but so far I haven't been able to activate it on FreedomPop network, which is the main reason I bought itThe phone received worked but it kept dying even after being fully charged . I would have to keep it plugged in the charger just to keep it turned on. If I had not cracked the screen (I didn't have a Have on it) I would have returned the phone !!!!The phone is very good, can't tell if it's the bad service I have or the phone; however, I occasionally lose the correct time with the phone. So using it as an alarm clock is out! All the other features that I use are handyI ordered a 16gb phone and received an 8gb phone....so clearly I'm not happy...and to top it off I had it all set up before I realized it was wrong.....went to put music on my phone and it says 8.1gb free of 9.7....so where's my 6gb....idk...I loved this phone.. one of the best smartphone purchases i made up until then at least...I love the picture quality of the screen, the function of this phone far exceeds my expectations. The battery life is about as expected. I have had some connectivity issues, but they were easily resolved. Overall a great phone.The phone is amazing. I got it for my son for Christmas. He owned an iPhone before so it was a big pain to deactivate the iMessage that Apple uses. We also had to restore it to factory default to get any internet (carrier or wifi) to work. We finally got it and he loves it.Just a great phone at an amazing deal! My husband jumped in the lake jet packing with his on and even though I have insurance I got an amazing deal with an upgrade through Amazon. Love love loveI was able to purchase my new phone through Amazon with my Sprint upgrade. It was very easy and MUCH cheaper!!! I could not be happier with my purchase. I am still learning all of the things that it does, but so far I am very very happy!Love it love it love it. Also loved the free SIM card and activation at my Sprint store. Beautiful phone works perfectly.Have not activated yet so can't comment on actual usage but I have to let you know, this phone is NOT black. The tiny dots you see are pretty much white and the actual color is more of a gun metal. I like it but if you want a truly black phone and you don't want a case, this is not your phone.Won't keep battery charge takes forever to chargein like new conditionit was a gift that I returned.. WRONG COLOR FOR RECIPIENTThis is my first smart phone, and it is like having my personal computer with me where ever I go. I resisted using a smart phone for a long time, but this phone has changed my life! Fantastic! Luv it!A few small glitches but an easy phone to pick up and use. I just can't give sprint another single extra dime and have always had excellent service with Amazon.Works greatThis doesnt hold a charge and wont stay connected to WiFi.Phone works but i took it to sprint store guy work on for a long time but it come from YEMEN MOBILE it is impossible to work in the sprint networkthe phone I got from Amazon was perfect it was cheaper than going to a Sprint store and it came to me pretty fast on top of that I have had the phone for about a week and a half into me the phone is perfect so if you're looking for a so if you are looking for a galaxy s4 I think this one is perfectPurchased for my husband as a replacement phone he is terrible with them, mechanic so he goes thru phones like crazy. Worked perfectly, he's happy so I'm happy.because when they put in the 4.3 update to the software they messed up the phones operation there supposed to fix it but they should not released it before they tested it more if you buy this phone don't put the 4.3 update till they fix itVery impressed! 5 stars! Phone is awesome. Exactly as desrcibed. Came in perfect condition. FANTASTIC SERVICE!. WILL DEFINITELY BE A RETURN CUSTOMER!Love this phone. You can do a ton of stuff with it and it works great. Easy to turn off unecessary features, easy to configure as you like.Great and it was less expensive then ordering within my cell companyworked great while we had it.Don't be fooled by the "buy it for 1 cent with 2 year contract" sprint will charge you 19.99 per month until the phone is paid for.arrived on time and workingI just upgraded from the original HTC Evo to the Galaxy 4S. I did love my Evo, but oh my what an improvement! So far (6/5/13) I have only had it one day, but I'll update as I continue to use it. Purchase and shipping: At $149.99 this was the cheapest place for the S4, beating Best Buy and Sprint.com by $100. The phone arrived exactly when it was estimated to. Not a bump or bend on the phone's box, which tells me it was protected perfectly. Hint: no, you are not purchasing a new contract when you check out. It told me that the phone comes with a $110/month contract, but Amazon doesn't actually sell you a contract. You're simply obligated to open one with Sprint. So for upgraders, don't fret, you're not going to be charged an additional $110 for this purchase. Out of the box: This phone is incredibly slim and lightweight. I'm constantly worried I'm going to drop it! The black is this beautiful, sophisticated metallic pattern, the edges banded in brushed aluminum, and the face (what isn't the screen) is a similar brushed aluminum pattern overlayed with a dot grid. All of this texture/patterning is quite subtle but adds a beautiful effect of quality. Yes, I know the back is plastic. But unless you're going to be tapping on it all the time, it feels 100% solid and except for not having the chilled feel of real metal, you'd never know it's plastic. There's no clicking corners, no gaps in the body. no sharp edges to catch stuff on. All of the physical buttons (power, volume and home) are very low profile, but easily accessible. Overall it is a very sleek and professional-looking phone. I couldn't tell you how long exactly that it took to charge the first time. I left the house after about an hour and a half, but when I came back it was fully charged after three hours on the charger. It's easy to activate - just go to sprint.com/activate and you'll chat with a representative. FYI to those who are on family plans but are not the account holder: you will need either the account holder's PIN or the answer to their security question. I'm not sure what happened, but mine did not activate the first time, the rep had me do some sort of reset, and it worked the second time. YOU WILL NEED ACCESS TO WIFI. I don't know why, but it would not let me skip a set up with the home wifi network. So make sure you have the network password in hand to complete initial setup. If you set it up with an existing Gmail account, make sure to log in and turn OFF 2-step verification if you have it enabled. Either that or print out the provided PINs, or have access to the specified back-up phone. Otherwise it will block you from proceeding further, until you verify the phone. First day: As with all phones, there is a lot of bloatware. I went through the App Manager and deleted everything I could, then opened Apps > menu button > Hide applications to remove the rest of them. For example, I use the Gmail app and not the Email app, so I hid the latter. Same with Chrome and IE. The apps aren't deleted, so if later you decide, say, you really do want to use the S Health app, just go to Apps > menu button > Show hidden applications to put it back in the main app menu. To get the "Life Companion" message off the lock screen, go to Settings > Lock screen widgets > clock or personal message, and edit as you want. Most of the personalization and adjustment is pretty intuitive. Hold your finger down to move the widget, or on a picture to crop or delete. For those who want a little more control, you can open the Developer Options by going to settings > more > About device and tapping 7 times on Build number. Honestly, though, there's not much there the average user would want to mess with. The phone fits in my pocket pretty easily. Now, I'm a girl, and it's saying something when a phone can fit in girls' jeans pockets. But I wear plain ol' bootcut, so for you girls who wear the low-rise or hip-hugger jeans with teeny tiny pockets, I can promise that this phone won't fit. I've been messing with this phone since about 7pm yesterday. Even after being on a lot, playing games, and general first-day fidgeting with it, the battery is only down to 28% now that it's 4pm. That's fairly impressive, especially since it's been kicking on and off roaming in my concrete box of a building that I work in. Note, though, that I do turn off 3G/4G, wifi, bluetooth, NFC, etc. out of habit when I get to work, since it's just useless. And I must say, having the shortcut buttons placed already in the drop-down notifications menu is quite convenient! (Settings > my device > display > notification panel) Update 6/21/13: I am still in LOVE with this phone. The screen is beautiful, the body is beautiful, it responds wonderfully to touch, and it does everything I ask it to in the blink of an eye. I did end up turning off Air Gestures. There's not much use for it other than when in the browser or gallery, and I just found it a little clunky. You have to do specific gestures over a sensor at the top. The only one I really liked anyways was that you could swipe your palm over the phone while it's off, and the screen would show the time and any notifications. Likewise, Smart Screen is off as well... mostly because I just don't want that sensor eating battery all the time. Update 10/17/13: Yup, I STILL love this phone. I can actually make it 2 or 3 days between charges - remember, though, that I turn off my data connections for half of the day (and considering how easy it is to turn them off and on, I would suggest anyone looking to stretch battery life consider doing that too.) Now that my state has banned phone use in vehicles - period - I'm playing with the Driving Mode and S Voice. Yes, you can just click a button, and your phone will become voice activated while you're driving. I wonder how that does when connected to a car via Bluetooth (unfortunately my car does not have Bluetooth :( so sad.) I have anOtterBox 77-27604 Commuter Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S4 - 1 Pack - Carrier Packaging - Blackon my phone. It's quite nice, and fits perfectly. I've already dropped the phone a dozen times on concrete and wood floors, both in the Otterbox and in cheaper cases (once flat on the face with no case, on tile), and it has not one scratch or crack. I'm probably just lucky, but it is a testament to the phone that it's not had an issue with the (accidental) rough handling. I'm a tiny bit annoyed that the Home button seems to catch a bit. You know when you click a button and it makes a "harder" click than usual, like the mechanism inside is not so smooth? That's what it's doing. Not by much, but noticeable. That is my only annoyance; however, it doesn't affect the functionality or response of the button, and it hasn't seem to have gotten worse in the 2 months since I noticed it, so it's not really important.Just a good lil phone for the price of a penny. It is a shame they want to stop subsidies but their price points are staying the same. I bought 3 of these for my kids! One is broke but it sure wasn't Samsung's fault.I can not get it activated. It came in Japanese writing. Going to have to take it to sprint. Definitely going to return if not easy fix. Bought phones online before and it has been a breeze to activate.A great phone, and a unsatisfactory service, Sprint is a complete waste of time. TMobile puts them to shame.Phone home buying does not work consistently. Also has a lot of issues with the wifi turning itself on and off. The 3G is also very unreliable. More times than not I have to reboot the device to access any internet.great phoneThis was recommended to me by my daughter. I like it very much but still trying to figure out some of its gadgets. A lot faster and better reception than my old HTC Evo.The best and simplest way to put it is that this phone is great and does exactly as expected! Battery drains rather quickly when streaming but I do not blame the device.This is one of the best phones on the market. However, it is still MUCH slower than my laptop in regards to browsing the web or opening programs. There's always a 2 second delay for everything.I love it. The phone is a little to big to go into your pants pocket but the phone is a good size to see or to hold in your hands.It is everything I expected and then some! This phone will be with me for quite some time, and I will naturally stick with Samsung products like I always have. Awesome phone and I highly recommend it to anyone!!I am an Iphone user...but I am glad I made the purchase. There are some features about the iphone that I miss but overall the galaxy is way better!Overall really nice phone with great features. I gave have occasional freezes when using some applications like Google Map Navigation. Great at taking photos, video, email. Web browser ok depending on the website. At the low price I got this phone for I would do it again.The items were as pictured. The description matched the item. The delivery was timely. The price was good. Best phone I ever had. I recommend this seller.I love this phone. It's great. It has all the features you'd want in a phone and it has a big screen to easily read things. Plus the pinch zoom feature helps a great deal too.Phone arrived on time. Since the phone was refurbished there were still problems with it. Sometimes it won't receive calls. I would call it and it would say no one called. The maps app is acting up. I would recommend getting a different phone.Wish i could give zero stars. Item does not work. Several sets of initials on package stating item working and ready to go.Got this for my granddaughter. She loved it but is looking forward to trading up soon!This was purchased for my husband. He loves it. Likes that is lighter than the s3 which was a bit thicker and the otterbox for the s4 is so much sleeker than the S3 buy it and enjoy it!!!The Samsung's phone is not unlock. According to the SIM card. I want you to unlock it by that side or to send me the process of unlockingDoesn't come with a memory or sim card - I had to order one from Sprint which took another 4 days, but the phone is perfect - no discernible defects and it came quicklyThe sound quality is very bad , can not hear calls it is the same on speaker phone. The signal is horrible, had sprint reset signal and it is still bad. I wish I would have never purchased this phone as a gift. The receiver is very, very disappointed. I read the reviews I should have stayef away from this phone.I ordered this phone with the highest of hopes. I had gone through 4 years of the ups and downs of HTC products and was ready for a change of pace. I did a lot of research and concluded that the Samsung experiences were pretty good. So when I started to have trouble with this device on the very first day I was more than a little disappointed. To get down to the facts, the WIFI had issues. No matter what WIFI I connected to the phone would randomly disconnect and re-connect. I came to the conclusion that the WIFI was actually turning itself on and off. I poured over the forums and support sites and started to see that Samsung has a history of WIFI issues going back to the S3. But most of these issues had resolutions and were not universal to all types of WIFI as was mine. Everything else about this phone is great and would be greater if I could be on a stable WIFI connection. I've got a replacement coming now as the guys at Sprint were even shocked at how bad this one was. Perhaps when the replacement comes I'll update you. But, watch out for this, if your WIFI is flakey don't put up with it, take it back and get another. Update July 1st, 2013 Sprint replaced the device. It was of note that the failed device was model SPH-L720BKK, the new (or replacement) device was SPH-L720BKX. The replacement works perfectly so far. This was the experience I had hoped for with this device. Happy at last.Its a great phone it has so many features that I haven't even began to scratch the surface as far as that goes, I used to own an htc but now ill be buying samsung phones from now on. And how can I forget battery life, its amazing I can get through a whole day with minimal use without charging. I'm extremely happy with this phone and im sure that it will be good to me for years to comeIt's a good phone, but I didn't get the phone's actual PIN number that would've allowed me to start a contract with any service companyI am very satisfied with the phone I purchased for my son. Did not have any problems with activation. A matter a fact it told me the phone was going to be at my home on a Saturday but came on a Friday. My son was even happier because it was a birthday gift. When it is time for my upgrade I will choose this method.started having problems with the phone after 30 days. took it to sprint store they said we should just upgrade. battery was draining and not charging. also other problems with it.Battery burns out fast. Gets hotLove it - has a learning curve to get used to the new features, but this is the best phone I've ever had.It is so much more than a "Cell Phone"! I love all the features, and am still learning them. I recomend it highly!!!!!!!very nice phone.very happy with itgreat purchase for a new phone. received as promised in new condition. excited to use it. thank you so muchReally enjoy the phone a lot, though there are many features I still haven't used yet. No problems of any kind. Battery lasts 2 days for me (maybe because I don't use it for videos). I would recommend it for everyone, especially at 1 cent price I got it for on Sprint upgrade at Thanksgiving.Grand loves itNo problems here. Great phone, great price, came in a timely manner and was easily added to my family plan. Cant' complain at all.Phone works well but did not know that it was a 1st generation phone.Awesome phone. Finally Samsung got something right with the S4. I've had HTC & Samsung phones prior to the Galaxy series came out. And nothing has come close to this phone. Great resolution, great camera, love it still has a sd slot to expand your storage capacity along with the 16 gb internal memory. Lots of ways to tweak to your liking.Only took weekend to receive, item was perfect, great deal great seller A++++++++This phone is as advertised. I am still learning to use it but what I know about it now, I love.After having so much trouble with my s2 after the 1st year i have gone to this phone and so far i love it! Battery lasts all day and its very fast.It works fine, except often I get a warning about the SM card. The battery drains pretty quickly too.Bought this as a gift, no complaints solid phoneDelivery was on spot to what was stated at time of my order. I Love my phone. It's in very good condition. Love the camera great pixies. Having fun adding all my new applications on it.Issues with foreign software. Mobile data does not work.Fast shipping and this phone is wonderful. This is my 2nd as I gave my last S4 to my brother when his died. Liked the phone so much that bought another one with the same SYSTM case :D This phone is a powerhouse of unlimited capabilities!Phone functions as advertised and was delivered to me faster than I was expecting.Phone would not connect to the Sprint Network and we had to ship it back. Vendor was good in refunding the purchase but the phone didn't work.Great Price can't even come close to any other price out there. THANKSSI have been through 3 in les than a month, I have a case to protect it, and the glass has shattered on 2 from the corner in. I have also heard from a friend their husbands shattered with a tremendously indestructable case. My SII was dropped while I was running several times and NEVER so much a chipped. This is certainly a design flaw.LoveLoveLove this phone and everything about it!This phone was for my husband. He had one before but was damaged by someone who would not replace it. I ordered the phone, came within 3 days! My husband just loves his Android phone, and has wanted nothing else. He's happy, and now I'm happy!!I'm very happy with the Galaxy 4 is easy to use has lots of functions even my 12 year old grandson has one and enjoy it I told my sister she bought line my brother he bought one and I bought 2Phone seem to have some water damage. The sim card kept reading that it was not in when it was inserted in the phone. Therefore, we had to use the phone without a sim card which caused the data to not work properly without wifi being on 24/7.Looks great, works great. Thanks!This phone has so many features that I'm still figuring out some stuff. It works great, very durable and a great size screen. I can do more with this phone than my computer.Good experience Quick shopping tricks on amazon.com [...]This has to be the best phone i ever purchase..100% better than my last phone. It's fast and it works great on the sprintI LIKE ITeverything worked great, no issues thus far and even though they advertise some dings my phone was in almost new condition. thank youMy other teenager loves his!Changes to processer is great. Some of the functions are different, had to relearn. Overall, very happy.Great buy!!!AwesomeIt lost charge completely within two hrs. with no use @ all and after the next three days it gets and stays very warm (almost hot) and you don't even have to use it. Very concerned. I only have had it not yet a month.I really enjoy my new samsung galaxy S4 blackcell phone. Its different from all the other cell phones I ever hadThe phone is unable to update and can't get text messages until 4 hours after they're senthate this darn phone it freezes alotGlad I made the switch and upgraded to S4 ! The best deal I found was on Amazon.This phone only lasted a month! piece of crap!!I was already approved for an upgrade but, I never followed through. A coworker told me about amazon and said prices will be lower than you might expect. Much to my surprise the phone I looked at was priced lower than the mobile server I have so I purchased the S4 and I love it, thank you amazon!!!The package arrived and the inner Samsung box had no phone in it. It had manuals and charger but no phone and no charge cord.Best phone that I have owned to date!!! Take the time to learn to use all of the features. Extremely fast. Makes all of my friends with any iPhone wish they had switched.Have had it for a few months. Love it except for all the factory apps. They are a pain in the arse!phone was received with a critical issue where it did not acknowledge the SIM card.The recipient of the gift loves the phone. The only complaint is that they wished the ring volume could be increased even more since it does not appear to ring loud enough once the phone is placed in a phone case.This phone has more functions then I'll probably ever use but it has the functions I was looking for in a replacement for my old flip phone. I'm not a technology geek, but this one has been pretty easy to use and I'm still learning.Looked better than described. Works great!It okay not greatStolen phone. Went to sprint and it was flag stolen.The phone I received was inoperable. Purchase with caution from this distributor.I have one thing which i don't like about is the battery died so fast even if i don't use it i have to charging 2-3 times a day. that is the only problem i have with. ThanksWorks great as expectedGreat phone , good battery life as I use my phone all day. Does not lag at all when playing games like Real Racing 3This is advertised as being set up for Sprint network. It does not work. The new phone has a Yemen provider on the phone when started.I can't use it on straight talk so I don't need it .I just use the WiFi .Great Phone.. Its the Mercedes of all the other phones that I previously owned.. Very Easy to use.. No regrets to upgrade to this phoneGreat phone. Great priceThis phone is more then anything I could have imagined. I can do practically everything that I want to do and more. The picture quality is amazing, although a little slow when focusing. I would recommend this phone to any and everyone.Very pleased with product. I have had no issues as of yet with phone 2 months now. Would recommend this product to everyoneCan't say in words but man this s4 is awesomeThis phone is awesome. It has more features than what I need, and I love playing with it. Samsung hit a home run with this phone.It's a good phone no complaintsEverything is fine other than the phone turns off randomly. This will just have to do until my contract runs out.All scratched up also no sim card so i can not acivate it.I was expecting an 720 and get a 720t but the device its in good termsI moved from Samsung galaxy note 2 to S4. The new S4 have better resolution and features and I love my new S4Nice phone!NiceI am sure this is going to be the greatest 1st smart phone I have ever owned. Anticipation and expectation s are high. So far I am not disappointed.It worked great for three months and now the power button isn't working and I have to get another phone..Made a great birthday present. Great price compared to Sprint and Best Buy stores, second phone gift for our family!Screen went out after 3 1/2 months. Never dropped or wet, always in a case.excellentAbsolutely love this phone. Plenty of storage. Takes great pictures too . Battery life is better than I thought it would be.Love this phone, can't put it down Great display and fast processor. The battery life is very good so far.This phone is great! It has everything you need and very user friendly. I would tell anyone and everyone to buy a S4 if they're in need of a new phone.Great phone, no scratches or anything, bought it refurbished. Love it, and runs great.I love it !!! And to get it for a penny I got 3 galaxy for gift with my planI upgraded from the S3 to the S4 and couldn't be happier. Better battery life, faster processor, better screen, just an overall better phone.i love my phone,it does everything i need it for....Great screen for viewing very easy to use large keyboard user friendly menus easy to find features and lots of help menus with blazing speed.awesome phone new updates are a bit annoying thoughDoes everything I what it to do.can take of charger in the morning and charger last all day,even when running apps until I plug it in at 2:30-3:00 Am:( not happyGreat phone, however battery life is not the best.I have several Samsung appliances in my home and you can't go wrong. This phone has awesome features and the speed to operate with.Removable battery is the key. It increases the resale value of the phone.I highly recommend this phone ,the screen is great.I purchased this for my son he loves it great buyYes I love my phone it takes care of my needs and keeps me entertainedA great phone, awesome screen & great pictures. Battery life is great. I ordered one for my husband too & he just loves it.I'm enjoying all the great features of this new phone. So much faster and easier to use than my last one.The screen has some areas where the touch sensor does not work.Liked my samsung 2 love this phone! Super fast great pics easy to use. I prefer over IPhone. Highly Highly recommendWorks great! Received my order well before the expected delivery date, worked exactly as hoped right off the bat.Great phone. I can connect to my home network , nas drives , watch YouTube from my phone to tv. Great signal.Phone does not work properly. Internal Antana is broken.The samsung galaxy S4 is all I thought it would be. It works fast! I would definitely recommend it to all my friends.Is very nice luvn it. I've always had galaxy.. I won't stop getting it. Add long they continue to make them. I'll keep getting themThe phone itself is awesome and amazing. I've had it for over a month and still learning all the cool things you can do with itGot this phone for my mom for Christmas. She loves it. It's easy to use and figure out. Great features. I sneak this thing away from my mom whenever I get the chance.I had the S2 Upgraded to S4. I thought how much better could it be. But, WOW. It's bigger, faster and many more tricks...hahahaha.....LOVE IT !!!!!!Item as described.As advertised. Thank you!Love Android so it's a great phoneIt is a great investment perfect size and lots of power for long use on a charge. It has great speed and the new sprint network is great.Very pleased with the performance of this phone. It will do all that I need it to do without any difficulty.I just got my phone & have had it for 2 days. I fell in love with the phone, it has exceeded my standards.This was my first upgrade in a cell phone in over 4 years. I have really enjoyed this phone. Thanksi purchased this phone as a gift for my mom.. She loves it and she is always playing with it and asking questions.love my s4 no problem so far i have this phone for about two months and so far it has been greatThe best droid phone I've had so far. Takes great pics and alot of available space. Will recommend to friends and family.This phone is perfect for me! I haven't had a problem with it at all. It holds all of my data and information with no problemsGreat phone. I love the fact that you can control your TV and cable box with just your phone. Very coolSprint is sort of a coin flip in quality of service these days. I find a lot of calls fall off in random areas and I lose all bars when entering my house. The Phone itself is alright, nothing significant to write home about. I would suggest to upgrade its memory card asap.Great phone, timely shipping, amazing customer service, what more is there to ask for.I really love this phone!!! It has everything. I could not ask for a better phone. The Galaxy is a great phone to have.Works great, very happyThe product was as advertised and arrived in excellent conditionLove the phone, does everything I want and I am still learning how to use it! Gray phone for all age groups.I have been having problems with my phone and was gonna send it back but I cracked the screen so I didn't send it.Works better than any phone I have ever had so far haven't found any thing bad about phone. The more I use the more I like itPhone was in better shape than advertised. Great job.I really love my phone. .I'm :-( it took me so long to upgrade, however I'm super happy with it.Amazing this phone has everything i need and more in a phone. Could not be more satisfied. No problems tooIt is a nice phone. I like galaxy's. Maybe one day I will upgrade and get the Samsung galaxy 5Love my new Samsung Galaxy S4, Black Mist 16GB.Works well as described.I was looking for new updated smartphone. Was looking at the Note 2 and the Htc one. Am dang glad I selected the Galaxy S4 love it.love itThis Samsung Galaxy S4, is excellentWorks like new.I really like the new phone that my niece ordered for me. I has the Galaxy 2 and was having issues with itGreatLightning fast compared to my old phone, a samsung transform. Its like having a tablet and phone in one. Love itgreat android. evryone should have one..I love this phone, I use it ten times more than my old Galaxy G2This cell phones don't have to match signalSeems to be a great phone. Have had no issues with it as of yet. Will be getting one for myself. This one was for husband.It had it's little issues. But it works so I'm happy.LOVE THIS PHONE I HAVE BEEN A HTC PERSON FOR A WHILE NOW BUT I WILL NEVER GO BACK THIS PHONE IS THE GREAT.best phone ive ever hadi use it for work all day long and it is exactly what I needed easy to use just all around great phoneLove my phone, size, clearness of the screen. Well worth the buy.great quality at good price plus and fast shippingSo far, so good. Switched from an iPhone which I grew to hate.I am quite amazed wih all the capabilities and ease of use.Love the phone. nice size, and great new features. great features on the camera as well. lots of options. aDescription on the dotYes. Met my expectations to the highest standard.great phone!!!Love this phone!!Arrived fast and looks great.Great phone, but hard to activateexcelenteEverything was wonderful thanks so much & god bless always.It's greatThe phone would be great, but with all the crap that your provider already puts into the phones just makes it so much slower wasting all that memory and space. Then on top of the crap your provide put there is also all the dumb apps the samsung put on this phone, trust me if you go with any go with the HTC one i have had both and i should have kept my HTC one. This phone freezes and is so slow in comparison to the HTC one. Not to mention the power saving mode on this compared to the HTC. The Power saving mode on this phone just makes it run even slower. I hate it. I mean i really f8|*|***G hate all the apps this phone has and how slow they make the phone run. GO WITH ANYTHING BUT THIS!!!!. Sure the htc one doesnt have the expansion, but who cares when any time you have to access the SD card the phone becomes so much slower. I would never recommand this to anybody and i will never buy another Samsung phone after this NEVER!!!! this is horrible.Great !!!!!!! No complaints !!!!it's the greatest phone I ever owned.So far no issues with the device. It seems to be better than the previous version s3. Because I'm Happy :)This phone is awesome!!!!I am happy with it thus far.Love this phone!We got three of these, two purple and one black....for a penny a piece, what a deal, love it. We got it thru Google search to Amazon. We tried thru Amazon, and did not get the same deal. Weird.It works greatGreat phone.I love it!I like itOverrated definitely. I liked my old Samsung Galaxy ii better. Though this one has more features, the features on the old device operates easier than this. Sound volume is low and some apps from my old phone would not work on this phone.This is my second phone and I still not getting any voice mail notification on my phone. I received notification after activating with Sprint but after the usual upgrades I am getting 3 voice mail error messages when I turn on my phone, "no track" ,"voice mail error vo8..." and "voice mail pending". I am very disappointing after switching from HTC Evo 3D to Galaxy.I Phone is a very poor Knock off of Samsungs Cell Phones and Tablets and when why get a copy when you get the real thing.Excellent phone, extremely easy setup, very lightweight and easy to use. Not to mention I got it for .01 of Amazon!Fast hardware, lots of memory/very fast processor. The OS and applications are stable and responsive. Display quality is great. My only complaint is that the battery life is not very good on the stock battery. Swapping it for a larger-capacity battery solved this problem, but be careful where you get them from as sometimes third party batteries can be unreliable.The phone was terrible. First it kept reading Yemen mobile instead of Sprint mobile. I took it to Sprint, and they had a hard time connecting the phone to the network. Sprint had to ship the phone to there Warehouse to get worked on. After being with Sprint Warehouse for 4 days it turned out that the phone couldn't be connected to Sprint mobile network. So Sprint gave me a new phone free of charge.The was unlocked and it was just an issue from the start... they should post information like this in the description.I have been very happy with this phone. I upgrade from a Samsung Galaxy SII, so it was a relatively easy transition.Had phone for less than a week and sd card reader quit working properly. Amazon was very understanding and got me a new phone very quickly but was disappointed with a phone valued at almost $650 having issues pretty much right out of the box. Phone features are amazing thoughLove this phone! My wife has the S3 so I opted for the S4 and I am not disappointed. It's like the S3 on steroids. I would recommend getting a Seidio case or Otter Box because it is VERY expensive to fix this phone.I thought the price was too good to be true, but it was TRUE... As always i am very satified with my phone. Brand New out the box and priced better than all of the cell phone companies!! Still getting used to the phone but overall I love it.1 star is too generous. The phone did come in factory packaging, but with broken security label. The phone was a factory reset, and did not appear to be brand new. The phone was not for the sprint network, it was for Yemen Mobile. The preset language was Arabic.the phone seems to be ok lots of spam ware on it that you cant get rid of using a great deal of memory and the battery looses its charge fast on both the galaxy s4 phones don't think I would buy again.This is my first venture into the smart phone world and it has been great!! I work in real estate and the large screen is very handy when viewing images and setting appointments. I always laugh when I see other agents squinting at their tiny i-phone screens, I definitely made the right choice.I've has problems with this phone since I got it. I was not happy at all. I have spent hours on the phone with sprint trying to fix it and no luck. Probably will never buy a phone from here again!!!!Owned S3 for an year and S4 doesnt sem to be much different but defintely faster than S3. Stil gettin used to bigger body and the brightness is improved when in sunlight compared to S3.excellent phone love the extremely accurate voice text great camera. Yea to Samsung for allowing setting up files in photo galleryThe S4 is everything you would expect it to be, great phone. Glad I purchased this item. Samsung did a great job with this one.could not get workingNo it did not. It should have been free.I upgraded from the Nexus S 4G on Sprint, which is several generations old now, and this is a large improvement. My main concern was that it wasn't going to fit in my pockets (I'm an adult male who wears standard jeans), but it fits easily. The reason it fits so well is that it's a lot slimmer than my old Nexus S. So that's not a worry. Everything on the phone works great. It's blazingly fast. I can finally play Temple Run 2 without intermittent stutter (which is a death sentence in that game). Just a tip though, trash the Sprint and Samsung apps and stick with the Google ones. There's no reason to use the Samsung mail app over Google's Gmail app, and the Sprint and Samsung app stores are just pathetic. S Health is a cool idea. I love having a pedometer always on in my pocket. I don't know if it's actually making me walk more than I otherwise would, but it's fun to have metrics on it at least. Unlike other people I don't have any complaints about the phone's aesthetics whatsoever. I like that it's plastic. Plastic is an amazing material that's not as fragile as glass (cough cough iPhone 4) and is lighter than metal. I also find it awesome that my phone shipped with a link to install BaconReader (a mobile app for Reddit) on one of the home screens. Someone at Sprint must be a Redditor.Upgraded from a Galaxy S1 to the S4 and I am very impressed with the new phone. Very powerful and easy to use. A must.Still weaning off iPhone. Galaxy is a good phone, much wider screen, and that was my selling point, but it's an adjustment.I knew I made the right choice when I decided to go with Samsung all the way. Best phone ever madeNot a phone for us!Phone doesn't work...Does work well in finge areas like my old EV 4g did. I used to get reception in my country cabin, but the s4 there is no signal..Have the phone with Verizon and Sprint. Sprint has said they have a text issue (Error 34) that there are delays / complete shut downs along the network. It varies among phones and the Samsung (on the Sprint network) appears to be more prone to this issue than other manufacturers - love the phone on Verizon - hate it on Sprint.You sent me a phone that didn't work. The microphone device and speakers have an issue, so I haven't been able to use it unless I'm on a blue tooth device or have it on speaker phone. The only way I can fix it is to go through Sprint as an insurance claim, and that means I'm going to get a used phone as a replacement. So I buy a new phone at a new price...they ship me a broken phone, I have to use a broken phone for 4 weeks while I must go to a Sprint store 4-5 times to have it repaired, and now I am going to have it replaced with a used phone. Nice.Bought this phone to upgrade from my old school Gravity T phone of 3 years and I certainly do not regret it. I have Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0 and an ASUS TF300 tablet, so the learning curve for this was non-existent for me (which was the contrary for my mother, who upgraded to an HTC One, disliked it and the size and switched to an iPhone *sadface*). The Good: Large Screen - Nice large screen to do whatever you want Sheer Speed - A quad core processor in a phone SD Card - I bought this to replace both my phone and Mp3 player. This phone does the trick with a 64GB optional SD card. I currently have a 32GB in there filled with music. The Neutral: TouchWiz - Most of the additional features that the galaxy offers, like NFC (data exchange for touching devices), S-Beam, Air Gesture, etc I find as gimmicks and are attempted selling points that I never use. The UI is also familiar to most, but I did what I do with any Android deveice: Install Nova Launcher over it. The Bad: Battery Life (initially) - The first two days I owned the phone, I was unhappy with the battery life. I would unplug it from the charger at 7:00 AM before I head to work, and by the time I am done with work at 4:00 PM, it would be down to around 35-40%. I found that Google Services was taking up a lot of battery. I had to do some digging to fix this, but I disabled all google account syncing except for Contacts and Calendar, since the constant syncing can wake up the device to perform its tasks. I also disabled Google Maps from automatically updating its location and disabled Google Now. I also set my email to update less frequently (from 5 minutes (lol) to 30 minutes) and set it to store less emails, thus reducing the time the email app must have a "wakelock" to do its business. In short, it was a few headaches to get the battery life to a satisfactory level for me. Storage Space - 16Gb, of which roughly half of it was taken for Samsung's implementation of Android and TouchWiz. Slightly annoying...almost as bad as Microsoft taking up half of 64GB for their implementation of Windows 8 Touch. Overall, I love the S4 and am glad I upgraded. When I got my S4, my mom upgraded to an HTC One, so I had time to compare the two juggernauts of the Android market and I can honestly say, though both have their pros and cons, I love my S4 (All the HTC has going for it are the good camera in dark conditions and the dual audio speakers).UPDATE#1: The battery life seems great, better than on the S3 even though the screen is larger and has a higher resolution than the S3. When I had my S3, I used to lose about ~3-5% of battery every two hours or so but with the S4, I seem to lose about ~1-2% so that's awesome. The phone comes with a ton of bloatware and the only way to get a good battery is by removing all the bloatware. I was getting terrible battery life when I first got my phone but after reading online it seems that everyone suggests removing the bloatware for batter battery life. Like I said in my review, the snapdragon 600 uses very little battery when it is not being used so that's a big plus. I'm a heavy user and when I say heavy user, I mean heavy user. I do pretty much everything on my phone from taking a crapload of pictures/videos, watching YouTube videos, playing 3D games, phone calls and surfing the internet. At the end of the day the phone has about 30-35% of juice left. Also, one thing that I forgot to mention was the speakers on the phone. Samsung decided to move the speakers which used to be at the top near the camera on the S3 to the bottom of the phone which wasn't a good idea if you ask me. You can block the sound coming from the phone when holding the phone with your hand. ---------------------- It's been a week since I got my Galaxy S4 and this thing is super awesome. My previous phone was the S3 which I loved to death and this time I'm super excited to have the S4 in my hands. I had absolutely zero issues with the S3 but the S4 looks so sexy with the metal edges. I seriously don't understand why people buy an iPhone because let me tell you that the Galaxy S4 blows the iPhone 5 out of the water and every other phone out there. The Galaxy S4 wins hands down in every category compared to the iPhone 5. I was blown away by the performance of this phone. The Snapdragon 600 is blazing fast and uses far less battery than the S3. I can get through the day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. I'm a heavy user so this says a lot about the phone. Even my family who loves the iPhone is blown away by this phone. My family just loves the big screen and the customization that it has compared to the iPhone 5. There are many reasons why I decided to go with this phone over the other smartphones on the market but the main reason is the screen size, camera, storage, processor and the battery life. These are some of the things that the Galaxy S4 has over the iPhone 5 and other high end phones: Pros: -Screen: The Galaxy S4 has a nice 5 inches Super AMOLED HD screen that makes everything stand out when viewing it. The resolution on this phone is a nice 1080 x 1920 (441ppi pixel density) which makes everything look sharp. The Gorilla Glass 3 is also much better at preventing the screen from cracking and scratching. I tried to scratch the screen with my car keys and nothing happened to the screen, impressive. It has a significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 5 (640 x 1136). Also, the iPhone 5 is only 4 inches which is way too small for most people. -Android OS: This phone ships with the most up to date version of Android, Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) which is the fastest Android version yet. Samsung has added many new features to TouchWiz which is great. I'm not really a fan of TouchWiz but it seems that they have made many improvements to the UI. -Design: The design is sort of the same as the S3 which I have no problems with. The S3's design is sexy and very comfortable to hold in your hand and the same goes for the S4. If you loved the S3's design then you will love the S4's design even more, trust me. The phone feels a little bit lighter and thinner which is great. It has a nice feel to it that makes you want to hold the phone. -Camera: The primary camera on this phone is 13MP (4128 x 3096 pixels) and the front camera is 2MP that takes some of the best pictures I have ever seen. The front facing camera is great when you are Skyping or even taking pictures of yourself. -Battery: Samsung has decided to improve the battery capacity in S4 to 2600mAh that can easily last a full day with a single charge. I can get through a day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. The battery life is one of the most important aspects when deciding which phone to buy for me because I travel a lot and I need a phone that can last a full day. My previous phone which was the S3 needed at least 2-3 charges to last through a day. The Snapdragon 600 does an outstanding job at using as little battery as possible. -Storage: With the option of an external sdcard, this phone simply destroys the iPhone 5. I can store as many pictures and HD videos as I want and it will never come close to being full. I am the type of person who stores large collections of pictures, videos, and movies and this phone lets me do all of that easily. I also play 3D games that require a minimum of 1-2GB of space and this phone is perfect for that. -Processor: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 (Quad-core 1.9 GHz Krait 300) does an amazing job at keeping this phone lag free and blazing fast. I have never experienced a slow down with this phone. I have even tested this phone by playing intensive games such GTA Vice City on the highest settings and there were no slowdowns whatsoever. I am very impressed with the processor in this phone. -Removable Battery: Who doesn't love this, seriously? This and the option of an external sdcard make this the best phone of the year. I always carry extra batteries whenever I travel somewhere and I can easily swap my battery with another one when the phone is low on battery. This is a big plus for this phone. Sucks to be an iPhone user! Cons: -None. As much as I want to think of something bad to say, there's simply nothing negative about this phone. Overall, I can safely say that Samsung has another winner in their hands. It's a great phone and it doesn't disappoint. With the amazing 1080p resolution, screen size, battery capacity and storage, this phone puts other phones to shame. The Galaxy S4 will be the best phone of 2013, mark my words!I was finally eligible for an upgrade on 9/1 so I shopped around and found a great deal at Sam's Club: $148.88 + tax on the sales price, NOT the full retail value. Setup was incredibly simple and FAST. I have had this phone for a week now and I can honestly say the S4 is simply awesome. I can't find anything wrong with it! The screen is gorgeous, the speed is amazing and there are so many features, most of which I haven't even begun to play with. I do love airview/air gesture (hand waves control gallery picture movement, text scrolling, etc). I haven't really played with eye movement control yet but the feature seems way cool. I had considered the LG G2 since it has a Snapdragon 800 and is somewhat faster and has a slightly larger screen but Sprint had other ideas. They won't even start shipping the phone until 'sometime around the holidays'. I was willing to take on those funky buttons on the back of the phone but not if I have to wait for it so FORGET IT. Besides, a friend has an S4 so now we can do the 'pnone bumb' to swap pics, music, etc. It really works! It's not quite as fast as the commercial would have you believe but it's fast enough and there were several very jealous iPhone owners who saw us do it! Now that I have the phone, I REALLY don't regret going for it and not waiting for the LG G2. The phone is light, the battery lasts WAY longer than my HTC EVO 3D's did (loved that phone, despised the lack of battery power). Regarding Touchwiz, yes there are lots of haters out there and yes the phone has plenty of bloatware running in the background. BUT you can force stop those apps and they stay dormant until you power down. They come back like a bad penny so don't power down! Also, I have a Samsung Note tablet (running Android 4.1) so I am really familiar with Touchwiz. One of the biggest selling points for me was the removeable battery and SD card. The previous knock was you can't move apps to the SD card....only files. Guess what? I just downloaded an update and now you can move apps to the SD card so the 16gB RAM is no longer a limiting factor. Also, Sam's Club has a two-year insurance plan through SquareTrade for $99 with a $49 deductible. That deal can't be beat. One caveat: you can only get that deal in-store. BOTTOME LINE: the S4 will blow you away. All who see it suddenly want one....especially the Apple fanboys and fangirls! When you demo it for them, they turn green with envy! What better reason than that to get this phone?! :)I have had this phone for about 8 months. The battery life is great, although I do tend to have to charge it once throughout the day, but that's simply because I use it A LOT. As I was writing this, I was paying attention to the battery loss and over a period of 1 hour (while doing nothing except apps in the background [email mostly]) and it lost about 8% battery for the hour. I love that I can customize by screens to be literally anything that I want! I have folders that I can name anything that I want, I can set my background as a moving background or a single picture, I can download more apps for free than I have need for, and I can customize everything! For people that are tech savvy, this is a GREAT phone. For people that have a couple hours when they first get it and are willing to sit down and learn it, it's an excellent choice. For people that want a basic phone with little ability to customize it to exactly what you want, go with the iPhone. I have had some problems with it as far as service goes, but I don't believe that's the fault of my phone, I believe that's the fault of Sprint who has been "upgrading the network" in my area.This review is for the black mist 16GB Galaxy S4 for Sprint. I recently switched to this phone after having the Galaxy Note 2. I love both phones and the Note had that glorious screen and built in S-Pen. But, for me, as a phone, the Note is just a bit too big for my personal taste and I found the call volume to be weak even with sound boost. So I moved to the S4, thinking it would give me most of the benefits of the Note in a more compact package. After a couple of weeks using this I can tell you it is a fantastic phone. I am running the latest version of KitKat and this phone is smooth as silk with little to no lag. The screen is gorgeous, the size is perfect, and the call quality is outstanding. This is my fourth Samsung phone and I understand some the critics complaining about TouchWiz, battery life, etc. Here's a couple of simple things I did : I downloaded Nova Launcher and run it as my main launcher. Is very smooth and fast. Secondly, the stock battery, quite frankly, is lousy. I purchased two after market batteries and a charger from Amazon then purchased an extended 5200 mah battery as well. I am currently using one of the standard size batteries and still at 20% life after almost eleven hours. That is excellent. Screen brightness maxed, bluetooth on, etc. Moderate to heavy usage. So, while the stock battery isn't that good, the phone itself doesn't just suck the juice. A better battery makes a world of difference. This is the best phone I've had in Sprint. Period.Don't buy this phone or any other Samsung product until you check out all of the complaints on the Web. My Samsung Galaxy S4 only worked right until the warranty expired. After one year it started having serious problems. Several times a day it freezes up and I get the Message: Unable to detect SIM card. RESTART. This sometimes happens in the middle of using it for email, etc. Most of the time though it is in my pocket unable to received calls, messages or alerts until I take it out and realize it has shut down without my knowledge. I'm not alone. The web is full of reports of this problem. Samsung does not care if you are out of warranty. I went to my service provider when the problem first occurred and they acknowledged that it is a widespread problem. They installed a new SIM card without charge, but the problem recurred before I left the mall. I went back to my service provider, but they said they had no solution. I've tried various fixes that are talked about on the web, but none of them work. Because it has been less than 2 years since I bought the phone, I cannot replace it with a subsidized price. I can't afford to pay full price for a new phone, so I am stuck with this one working only 1/2 the time.The phone would be awesome if all the preloaded bloatware didn't constantly eat battery life. But worse than that is the fact that I am constantly missing calls and texts because of Samsung's software interface. If I don't manually update the PRL or restart my phone almost daily, my phone will drop mobile service even though i have plenty of bars. This is a known issue by Samsung and they've done nothing to fix it. If you want something reliable you're better off using a tin can and string.Me and my mom were both upgrading our phones for Christmas, I consider myself a smartphone junkie so I went with the juggernaut of a phone that is the note 3. However, for my mom I suggested she get the S4 over the note 2 she originally wanted. I did this for a few reasons. The S4 is much newer than the note 2 and after having an infuse 4g for the past 2 years a nice new phone was much needed! Another reason I suggested the S4 was due to its size. My mom is about 5'7" and I figured the 5 inch form factor was much better for her than the somewhat unwieldy size of the note 2 or note 3. When it comes to screen my mom is more than pleased. She immediately commented on the clarity and color saturation before she even was finished setting up her google account. It is a gorgeous display. There is no other way around that. So far she has had it for about a week and has experienced nothing in the way of lag. Of course my mom barely knows that games exist on android much less the fact that you can play some graphically intense ones so she isn't really putting the phone to huge processor loads but it Is working great even if it is just a Snapdragon 600 compared to a snapdragon 800. Overall my mom loves her phone. That brings me to who this phone is for. The s3 was praised due to the fact that it was made for everyone and I think the s4 is in the same boat. If you are a spec hungry person that needs the most powerful phone and actually knows the difference between the snapdragon 600 and 800 then you really don't need this review, but for everyone else who just needs a phone that works well in everyday use, that looks gorgeous this is the phone for you.Do you remember that YouTube video showing what an iPod box would look like if it was made by Microsoft? The dozens of stickers and certifications and advertisements? That's what this phone feels like out of the box. It's overwhelmed with Samsung stuff, much of which serves only to drain the battery or change Android for no particular reason. The phone actually lagged and stuttered from the get-go. That's a hell of an achievement for a quad-core handset with 2GB of RAM. Since I came from a Galaxy S running Cyanogen, that just wouldn't do. SPEEDIFYING THE S4: The first step was to gain full control by rooting it. Google 'qbking77 galaxy s4 root' for an easy guide. Step two was to install 'NoBloat Free' and start disabling all the Samsung background nonsense. Search '[ROM]broodROM S4 RC1' and click the first link for a list of what's safe to ditch. Don't permanently delete anything; you'll need to re-enable these later to apply Samsung's over-the-air updates. Step three was to change the animation speed for the UI under Developer Options. To enable Developer Options, go to System Settings -> More -> About Device, scroll down, and tap on build number five or ten times. Then back up, go into Developer Options, and change the three 'X scales' near the bottom from 1X to 0.5X or Off. Step four was to ditch the TouchWiz launcher and use Nova Launcher instead. It's like a pumped-up version of the stock Android launcher and very fast. The free version does everything you'll need. Step five was to disable NFC, S Beam, Bluetooth, and so on. All that stuff is lovely, but leaving it on when you don't need it (Bluetooth in particular) does nasty things to your battery life. If you want idle time measured in days, disable location services in the Maps app. If you get 'Media Server' taking up your battery, install Rescan Media Root. That's it for performance. The phone is fairly quick now. It has about 900 MB of free memory and, if left idle, will sit for about 80 hours before the battery dies. After that, I installed a couple of useful apps like Screen Filter (to dim the screen even more at night), Waze (which has traffic rerouting and police alerts and makes my Garmin feel a million years old), F-Droid (an alternative app store that'll let you install things like AdAway) and so on. Update-- out of annoyance with inconsistent performance even after many of these tweaks, I switched to CyanogenMod 10.1. It's not quite as stable as the stock Samsung firmware, but it's so much faster. BUILD: It's a pretty handset and shockingly thin. It almost disappears even in tight (for a guy) jeans. It's also incredibly slippery. I nearly dropped it twice setting it up. Unlike my Samsung Epic (which had the delightful feature of falling into pieces when dropped and not breaking), you can crack the screen easily, so buy a case. I vowed I wasn't going to bother since the Epic never needed one. I've done a 180. After trying a few, I've been very happy with Spigen's Ultra Fit in high-grip matte black. The phone is much easier to grip now with minimal changes in thickness. Review sites say the HTC One is a prettier fetish object. I agree it feels better in hand, but there's a caveat: it can't be dismantled. If you drop it or mess up the charging port, Sprint can't fix it onsite. They have to send it back to HTC. The HTC is also chunkier, for better or worse. The screen is near-perfect. It'd be totally perfect if not for the high power use displaying white and pleasing, though somewhat inaccurate color. You'll want to use dark or night themes whenever possible. Pixels are invisible. Blacks are pitch even in darkness. The size is just on the border of too large for one-handed use. I'm over six feet with commensurately-sized hands, and pressing the side Power button while bracing with a pinky is a slight stretch. A five-foot friend loves her Note II, though, so if you're willing to treat it two-handed like a tablet, any hand size will do. AS A PHONE: Samsung included a useful app (perish the thought!) called 'Adapt Sound'. It's under System Settings -> My Device -> Sound, at the bottom. It'll test your hearing and change the frequency response of the phone to suit it. The app significantly improved the intelligibility of conversations to me. Much, much better than the Galaxy S. I did have some trouble integrating Google Voice. Sprint has a Visual Voicemail app ('VTT') with a three month trial that kept coming back from the dead and showing me old voicemails. The solution was to press and hold the Voicemail app icon from Nova Launcher and drag it up to 'Manage App' on the top left. Then I pressed 'Disable' and agreed to all the prompts when it asked to uninstall itself. Now the voicemail button in the dialer calls Google Voice. Voicemails are also transcribed and sent to my inbox per usual. TEXT INPUT: This is my first handset without a hardware keyboard. It's been a surprisingly smooth transition to screen typing. Hardware keyboards work really well for idiosyncratic speech and punctuation. If you're sufficiently pedantic to chafe at the thought of accidentally using the wrong quote marks or comma placement, no software keyboard will be a true panacea. But some are better than others. The most clever of them all is SwiftKey. First, because it'll let you seamlessly switch from tapping letters to gesture-style word tracing. Second, because it has the best text prediction, because it scrapes your email, Facebook, text messages, and Twitter to compile a personalized library of what you actually say. That one word you made up that doesn't exist in any dictionary? If you've ever used it anywhere, SwiftKey will predict it. That extends to full sentence constructions. In practice, I use word-tracing in portrait mode and rely on SwiftKey to guess correctly. With just GMail and Facebook in the database, it does so about 90% of the time if my tracing is even vaguely on point. For more unique words, I switch to landscape and use that larger keyboard to accurately touch-type. As SwiftKey learns, I find myself doing this less often. In a car, I rely on Google's voice recognition, which is superb when it works (most of the time), but often requires saying the same thing twice to fix an error six words earlier. All of this is noticeably easier on the S4's 5" screen than it ever was on the Epic's 4" screen. My iPhone friends continue to amaze me with their speed and accuracy, but with my large thumbs, I couldn't duplicate that with a screen keyboard on any handset before this one. ACCESSORIES: The 2.1 amp wall charger charges at 1% per minute, so a little under two hours for a full charge. Beware off-brand and car chargers. I discovered the phone charges in one of two modes: USB computer mode and dumb charger mode. USB mode (where it assumes the output device is a computer) only gives 0.5A (to stay within the USB spec), so the phone will take all night to charge. But it'll pull 2 amps or more from a dumb charger if you're not using a super-skinny USB cable. The problem is, there are two ways to make a charger appear 'dumb', and they're incompatible. The Apple way (implemented by most chargers) won't fast-charge this phone. The other way (shorting the two middle USB data pins) will, but few chargers actually use this technique (thanks to Apple's popularity). The upshot is, unless you're buying branded accessories specifically for Android phones, you're probably going to have to do minor surgery on any of the cheaper chargers you buy. SHOULD YOU BUY THIS PHONE? Maybe. The S4 has some impressive hardware and a best-in-class screen, but the phone experience is dictated by Android. And Android is hit or miss. This phone, after I've tweaked the hell out of it, is occasionally faster than an iPhone. More often, it isn't. The iPhone screen lights up faster when you press the power button. There's very little delay after you press an app, and very little more in showing content within the app. The UI animations are smooth. Android is none of these things, and more noticeably, it's not consistent. Sometimes it's very fast, sometimes it lags, and you'll never have any idea why. And then there's the micromanagement. I'm happy that I discovered how to disable the background media scanner that was cutting 30 hours of my idle time, but I shouldn't have to do that. Windows Phone 8 is right up there with the iPhone in responsiveness. Better, even, and with a novel and impressive UI that integrates many social media functions independent of separate apps. The Windows app store is lackluster, though, and the OS itself is harder to hack if that's what you're about. You really have to be happy with how the phone works out of the box. The hardware also lags behind Android handsets, but you won't ever notice (except in some games) because the OS is so fluid. And it has terrific Exchange support for business users. For most people, unless there's a compelling need for a large screen or Android's greater abilities once rooted, the iPhone is simply better than even this S4. It doesn't require any of the tweaking I've outlined, nor the low-level task management that seems to crop up so often even with Android 4. Likewise, the Windows Phone ecosystem isn't sufficiently mature to recommend that one over the iPhone. But if you want Android and you're willing to unlock the full potential of it, the S4 is as good as it gets for this screen size.I recently exchanged my HTC Evo Shift for the Galaxy S4 with Sprint. There's been plenty of techy info posted, so I'll keep this to the point. (I'm an average cellphone user; a Smith). There were several reasons I personally chose the Galaxy S4... 1. I prefer a plastic cover on the back. Unlike an aluminum/metal cover, plastic doesn't transfer as much heat and easy access to #2 below. 2. Replaceable battery. 3. Expandable memory via MicroSD card to hold my music and pictures/videos. 4. The 5" screen using the same demensions as similar smartphones with smaller screen sizes. 5. I thought about staying with HTC and getting the HTC One, but I wouldn't use the live feeds on its Home Screen. Live feeds probably drain the battery, too. I just don't do social networks, etc. (In fairness, some reviews said you can bypass that Home Screen.) The Galaxy S4 screen is flawless and vivid. The Galaxy S4 is much larger than the HTC Evo Shift it replaced, but it's lighter and much thinner. It took no time to prefer the larger S4. The camera is amazing; no shutter lag, crystal clear images, and many multiple options. Call quality, sound, reception has been fantastic. No problems with data usage, GPS, etc. The one gripe I have isn't with the Galaxy S4, it's with the Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean). ANY smartphone running Android 4.1 or higher (that's all the new phones out now... Samsung, HTC, LG, etc.) don't have a Flash Player Plug-in for web content. Adobe decided it would stop making their flash player plug-in available for devices running higher than Android 4.0... Android 4.0 is the last version the plug-in is available for. I've been looking and looking, there's no app out right now for this issue. I contacted Samsung directly; they recommended downloading Macromedia Player on Google Play... uh... Macromedia is now Adobe. So for now, once in a while surfing the Net, you'll come across some flash content the Android 4.1+ can't show. As far as the Galaxy S4 is concerned, it's a cheetah on steroids with the sex appeal of Rita Hayworth and the strength of Hercules. No complaints so far. If there are any longevity issues, I'll post them later on. UPDATE 5/22- Windows users... while the S4 is plugged into your computer and turned on, do a Windows Update. It will find a software/driver update so the S4 is more easily recognized by your computer to upload/download files like a drive. Just follow the recommended installation directions... EZ. UPDATE 5/28- I agree with some other reviewers that the ringer melodies loaded could be louder when the phone rings. I downloaded a free app called Old Phone Ringtones, which has louder-sounding options by the sound they make.About a month after receiving this phone, it started dropping calls. Now 2 1/2 months after purchasing it, it won't turn on. Total waste of money and no refund. Super lame.Unbelievable phone... Does everything a smartphone should do, and then some. The pictures are are great, connecting to the Internet without any problems and just an all out great phone. The only downside is the volume, and no S pen to write with. I am looking forward to trying out that Note 3. But do enjoy the phone...Sprint wouldn't activate this phone. They said it was registered as a prepaid phone. FRAUD!After having an HTC EVO 4G for years, I finally upgraded when I saw Amazon's $50 S4 with contract. That price was simply too good to pass up. This phone is great. Compared to the EVO 4G, everything is better. The phone hardware is more capable in every way (processor, storage, display, camera, etc). Overall, I've very happy with the upgrade. It was money well spent.Phone was in great condition, was delivered quick but unfortunately it did not work 100%. Everything works great but it will not connect to 4g or lte. It gives errors. Always on 3g the phone works great. Have not been able to figure out the problem.Product exactly as picturedI LOVE MY PHONE...it does have a lot of built in apps I don't need but not sure if I should delete them...and my phone did the same as my daughter ...NO SPRINT ZONE :(..First day or so but then poof...it disappeared and MR. MOBILE DUDE showed up loafing around ...Excellent condition. Worked out of the box without issue.I'll start off giving a bit of background on my smartphone usage. I've pretty much been a Droid user for my whole life. I'm definitely a power user and I greatly enjoyed having a keyboard. I could type long text messages or emails with ease, and I never really had that much interest in switching to a non-keyboard phone. Unfortunately, that decision was taken out of my hands somewhat. I have the Droid 4 which I greatly enjoy, but it has it's own problems. After having it for about a year it got a pretty nasty crack on it. I played around with some friends GS3's and was very impressed with them. However the rumors about the GS 4 coming out had already started so I decided to hold off. I'm glad that I did, but a lot of my review will be based off of not having the GS3 and making such a drastic switch. As I put in the title, it seems to be minor improvements upon a design they've found worked as opposed to the drastic changes previously seen. Without further ado... The Looks: There isn't much positive to be said about the aesthetics of the Galaxy S4 body to be honest. It looks and feels like a cheap toy. It feels... clammy might be the best way to describe it. It really isn't the best feel when you're holding it, and compared to the HTC One it's disappointing. It doesn't seem like it had that much effort put into changing it. It does feel sturdy though, despite being a very thin phone. I was able to get a good grip on it though which is important to me since I'm rather small. Overall I would give the looks a 2.5/5 The Hardware: Huge upgrade over.. well anything but a computer. This really is just a small computer, and it runs flawlessly. The screen is massive and great. Easily the best one that I've seen on a phone. The 5" screen could be a little bit big for some people I think, but for most of the younger generation will be ok with it though. The battery is incredible as well. My Droid 4 would die around 4 or so after a normal days use (streaming music, internet, tons of emails, etc). This will last me all day, including going out at night which is a massive incentive to me. The camera is great on it as well, much better than any other Android phone. It is still slightly edged out by the iPhone though. Overall though I would give it a 5/5 on hardware The Software: I'll start with the obvious, it's actually running the latest version of Jelly Bean, and should keep up better than other phones do (minus Nexus 4.) This is a huge bonus, because Android's because fault is that the OS is so fragmented. Now, Samsung has put a ton of their own software on top of Jelly Bean. The best description would be that it's overwhelming probably. There are a lot of Samsung apps that really will just never be used. So I'm not even going to bother going over the party trick type apps. Instead I'll talk about a few that really caught my attention. S Health: Helpful now, will be awesome in the future. The premise is that it's a basically a fitbit built into your phone. It helps you track calories, steps walked, workouts, etc. It works great now, but I don't think that it will get better with accessories. WatchON: Basically it acts as a universal TV remote and a Netflix browser. It's great, and I don't even watch very much TV. I suspect that this will become the standard soon, but until then this is the best version you can get. Air View/Gesture: A great idea, but not great in practice. It's glitchy currently and doesn't always work (or does work in ways that you don't want it to.) Camera Software: There's actually a lot of really great features that come with the camera. The most novel of them is the ability to take a picture from the front and back cameras at the same time. I can see this actually becoming standard in the future as well. Overall I think that the software is good, but not perfect. Overall I would still rather just have stock jelly bean. Samsung adds some good features, but it also adds a lot of stuff that I really don't need and can't get rid of. Final Impressions: It's a good phone, there's no doubt about that. It's not a great phone though. The screen is amazing, the body isn't. The software is good, the hardware is out of this world. It all comes down to personal preference between this and the HTC One I think. Personally I'm fine just putting a case on my GS 4, but I've always been more interested in battery and hardware. I can completely understand picking a slight downgrade on those areas though in return for a great body like the HTC One has. 4/5Great camera. works very fast. beautiful screen. great battery life. Best phone I ever hadMeets my technology needs Fast and Crystal clear pictures no faded pictures catches every detail one or multiple times to find the Best pictureI have been looking for something like this.not as should beCharging port caught fire (lots of smoke, melted plastic, and some flames) 2 months into use of the phone. Samsung wanted to send me a gag order to sign if I wanted to have them replace the phone. I guess this is a big thing with them, and worse, these flammable phones are a big thing for burning down apartments or burning up your desk. Buyer beware.But just like every other phone it has some problems at any rate its a good phone oh yeah peopleall the terrific reviews are correct. here's the deal breaker, though. the silly thing will NOT wrap text when you zoom in -- either through double tap or 'pinching'. the forums are all a-buzz about this heinous over sight -- this is a HAND HELD DEVICE!!! it HAS to re-wrap when expanded! what on earth is Samsung thinking? it's like a car without a steering wheel, or a dishwasher without water. this phone does NOT have the singular main function that it requires to be a smartphone. Samsung -- honestly. i will not buy one of these crippled inept devices till this is fixed (and recommend you don't either). hopefully sooner rather than later, or i will end up with HTC or iPhone. currently, this phone is inadequate and a joke.There are slight upgrades from the previous galaxy. As has been said by others, seems like changes are getting less noticeable with each new generation. Seems like the technology advancement in general has plateaued compared to advances we saw 2 and 3 years ago. I do Love the bigger screen!The Samsung Galaxy S4 might be a good device, but mine doesn't work. Randomly restarts and sometimes shuts itself off. Sprint has a 14-day return policy for a replacement. I contacted them in 17 days. Now the only thing they'll do is give me a refurbished unit through their repair center. Samsung wants me to send it in for service. Yeah, that's great since this is a business phone. Another product and/or carrier is probably the way to go.Sprint service is very poor in the Orlando, FL area. Phone is awesome but I would use it with a different providerMy daughter bought me this phone for Mother's Day. She bought it from Tmobile. I had it for 2 weeks and 2 days when it slid from my recliner arm to the carpeted floor. The screen turned green 3/4 of the way. I sent it back to Texas for repair since basically it is a new phone and I figured it could be repaired. I got a call stating I had to pay $200 since it was not under warranty!! That's a lot of money for someone on Social Security, especially after the high price my daughter paid for it. I am so very disappointed that an expensive phone could break so easily and that the company will not fix it without charging more. I have had other phones that I have dropped and they never broke; but this is ridiculous. Again, very very disappointed with Samsung.This review is not for the phone itself. It is for Sprints unfair pricing policy. How is it fair for a person who has been a loyal customer for years and is eligible for an upgrade to pay $70 more for a phone than someone who is new. I am even upgrading a non-smart phone to the smart phone and they will be getting the smart phone tax every month on my bill. The way I see it they will be getting their money back in about 6 months and I'll continue being a happy customer. Everybody wins in that scenario. However after being on the phone with sprint for an hour they refuse to see this. They will loose monthly revenue and I'll have to stick with my dumb-phone. I would really like to order this phone and change this review. I just can't do it when they are treating loyal customers as if they are less important than everyone else.I purchased this phone to upgrade from my S3. I originally purchased this phone in 2014 and I was pleased with my purchase. I still have the S4 and it still functions and works beautifully but the battery since started lagging. This phone is now used by my daughter to watch youtube and search the web. The battery life was great at the beginning but as time went on it would drain really fast which was disappointing. I upgraded to the S5 when it was released and not only did the S5 have an improved battery life the picture quality was quite impressive compared to the S4. This phone is a nice upgrade from the S3 and as stated previously it still functions 3 years later without skipping a beat. Overall this phone is still a great phone the only con is that now the battery drains really quickly.Ok, this review is going to be about my usage experience with the phone, not the tech specs. I also won't be comparing it to the competition, only the other Galaxy S series phones of the past. The phone came in less than 2 days, (I live only about 4 hours from a large amazon warehouse) I had no issues activating it on sprint I use several features on a daily basis, the camera, the gps, various apps and some of the airview features. What works for me: Phone Calls, are definitely better quality than the GS3 The WiFi works with my AC router (newest WiFi standard) Battery life is about 12 hours from 100% to 10% for me GPS is accurate Looking away from video pauses it Doesn't lock up (at least hasn't locked up yet) Charges in less than 4 hours from 10% to full Camera is pretty good (still a bit bad on low light or fast action though) Wireless charging capable (with a separate back-plate or 3rd party adapter, I use an adapter and it works nicely) What doesn't work for me: AirView features are hit/miss even when set up correctly and turned on(I can't get air scroll to work, and even the hover to preview feature only works occasionally) Eye Scroll has never worked along with smart stay, configured and on they just don't seem to like me, (I wear glasses so that may be a factor) Sometimes the power button is slow to respond so I find myself turning the screen on/off multiple times in order to turn the screen on or off. I'll keep updating this review as I find things out, but so far I would call this a 4 star phone, There is plenty of room to improve but many of the things tat bothered me in the GS2 or 3 have been corrected. I'm not going to compare this phone to the competition, the best phone for me may not be the best phone for you, all I can say is this is a good improvement over the other Galaxy S phones of the past. Just my thoughts, AKThis phone came at a really good price. I'm happy I found it here on Amazon. I bought it for my boyfriend but I currently use it more!We upgraded from a Galaxy S3 to this Galaxy S4, and it is amazing. We love all the additional features to this S4. The package came with the phone, wall charger, charger cord and battery. I did not received the guide for it, which doesn't matter to me. Be warned though. This device needed a SIM card and it did not come with one. The Galaxy S3 from Sprint didn't even use a SIM card. I contacted Sprint about this and they sent me one for free. I am so grateful they did because it really helped me out. The S4 is such a great upgrade from the S3. I love that there is a walking app pre-installed on this phone. It needed an upgrade after we transferred the phone number to the phone. It changed the layout from the familiar S3 to the layout known for S4. We were temporarily confused by the new configuration but acclimated quickly. The battery life so far seems to be less than the S3, however, that could be because this is the first week and we were playing around on it so much. I also bought this screen protector:Samsung Galaxy S4 Screen Protector Anti Shock Sentey 3h Premium 0.34mm Ls-12204 (Pack of 2) Bundle with Free Metal Stylus Touch Screen Pen {Lifetime Warranty} I bought this case as well:Galaxy S4 Case, MagicMobile [Dual Armor Series] Rugged Durable [Impact Shockproof Resistant] Double Layer Cover [Hard Shell] & [Flexible Silicone] Case for Galaxy S4 Case - Black / Green with Screen ProtectorMy mother was up for a phone upgrade as her s2 was showing its age. I researched and decided that for the price(1 penny) this phone was a great deal. It is slightly bigger then the s2 but it is much lighter in your hand. It's close to the size that feels awkward in your pocket but she keeps it in her purse most of the time so that's not an issue with her. She's used it for 2 months and so far she likes it, with some drawbacks. 1. It is not as user friendly as an iphone. She has asked me a few times how to do things like turn off 3g and 4g and there seems to be no drop down menu button for that. Battery life is great, but would be even better if there was an easy way to shut off internet. There's one for Bluetooth, WIFI, Sync, and others so why they didn't add it is beyond me. 2. There doesn't seem to be a "Macro" mode on this phone. She searched for it and I have too and the solution people say is to use the zoom feature. Coming from an s2 and s3 where there is a dedicated mode it is tricky to get close ups to be sharp like they should for a 13MP camera. Besides those 2 issues she loves her phone and will be happy with it even after she's due for another upgrade.What can I say, it's a flagship Samsung Galaxy phone. I'm a massive fan of the Samsung OLED screens and this one is 1080p HD, very sharp and of course, bright. Everything is easier on this phone, not the least of which is surfing the internet. Web pages fit much, much better and sideways scrolling is essentially eliminated. I also have a strong 4G LTE signal pretty much wherever I go but this speaks to the service as much as the hardware. I love all the bells and whistles and some are really convenient while others, of course, I don't use much if at all. The features are just too numerous to go into individually. I have a three piece hybrid case on my phone, won't use anything else, and I've dropped it a couple of times, and.....no damage. While the case is largely at play there I also have to believe that the phone is tougher than some others, including the GS3. There's nothing out there that beats the Galaxy S4, except the Galaxy S5.Got this just before going to cruise in europe. Took 2800 pictures in 2 weeks and about 50 videos. Before leaving put 64gb chip in. 13mp camera did perfectly. The parthenon wide angles with picture in picture, the coliseum with combined front/back camera composite. priceless. Fast, easy to read screen, long battery life, barometer that is pretty accurate when hiking. Like the infrared remote feature to control tvs. Camera is fast. On some tours I was shooting over 300 pictures in 6 hours plus videos. Battery lasted throughout day. Recommend extra battery as having camera on with full screen shooting pictures, zooming, examining photos continuously, then using wifi at hotspots uses battery up in about 8 hours. I have had this for a year now, have 47gb of vids and photos, use it in hot attics. Works perfectly. Useable space is around 80gb on this phone. What is neat is you can put in another chip and battery.I will not do a detailed review of this phone (enough of those already exist here) but will touch on a couple of things I did not see in other reviews. 1) The S4 is the first Galaxy device to NOT incorporate an FM receiver which is disappointing! 2) The electronic compass on mine is not very accurate 3) This phone has internal sensors of temperature, humidity, light level, and barometric pressure. The temperature sensor is nearly useless as it is measures internal temperature which will be elevated during use of the phone. 4) My wife has the S3 and her charger will not top off my battery (or at least not quickly) charger "stalled" at 95% when I tried to use her charger. 5) The Wifi is dual band and can receive the 5 GHz signal 6) The built in alarm clock tones are rather loud for me but I am a very light sleeperThis phone does more than I'd ever want it to do and it does everything I need it to do very well. I shoot video on this phone all the time for my youtube channel and it's awesome for that. I haven't run into any issues with it at all. This replaced my old S2 which pissed me off every time I needed the GPS because it rarely worked. There are absolutely no issues like that with this phone. Everything work great. It has exceeded my expectations in every way. Even battery life. Unless I'm shooting, rendering, and uploading video I never have to charge this until it's time for bed. That's coming from someone who stays up all damn night and regularly only get's like 6 hours of sleep. I love it and what's even better is that I got it for basically free through Amazon while sprint wanted me to pay $200 for it. Oh and the phone looks great! To bad it's covered up with a case to protect it because it's really nice!I purchased this phone for my father after having purchased one for myself. Android, if gifted alongside a basic tutorial, yields great results for technology resistant parents. My father is now posting pictures and videos on facebook, something he hasn't attempted before. Pretty cool if you ask me. The phone has easy-theme settings for first time android users. Also, the quality is samsung quality - something to be sought after. However, I do feel Samsung needs to cast away with the polymer cases on their flagship phones and implement an aluminum body. Overall the performance is solid for out modest multi-media needs. We are not gamers, at least not on the phone, and as such I cannot review this phone on that criteria. One thing to note is you should purchase an additional, or larger battery with external charger. This phone can die quickly- < = 10 hours.I bought this phone because it's one of the few models that sprint allows with prepaid plans (don't even get me started on that). I opened the box up, put in my SIM card and the battery (included with the phone) and plugged it into to charge up. I waited...and waited. I tried to turn it on but no such luck. The only sign of charge was a very thin white line flashing across the black screen only occasionally. The phone will not start nor charge. I'm so annoyed right now. This was a birthday present and now I have nothing to give my boyfriend tonight. Thanks a lot.My contract had been up with Sprint for quite a few months, and I was on the fence about renewing it. When Amazon listed the Galaxy S4 at 1 cent, I just had to do it. I saved hundreds of dollars on the phone, and never would be able to get a deal like this through Sprint directly. There was a $36 activation fee, but that would have been applied even if I ordered it through the Sprint website. I will tell you that activating the phone was a breeze, and I was able to do it directly from my phone without a hitch. If you are thinking of getting this amazing phone, grab it while it is virtually free. With my Prime Membership, two day shipping was free as well. You can't beat that! Thank you Amazon (and Sprint) for an incredible deal. Janice BrodowskyI was looking for a good deal on a new phone for quite some time because my dad and I were way overdue for upgrades but didn't have an abundance of cash to spend on new phones. He came over on Thanksgiving, and I ended up coming across a deal for this phone that ended up being an even better deal when I placed my orders: Both phones (my dad and I both got one) cost a penny each. ONE PENNY. It would've been worth every penny no matter what price I paid, however, I ended up only paying a penny for each phone because of some amazing Amazon Black Friday deal or something. I could not be any happier with the price I paid. I'm proud I found such a steal on an amazing phone. My dad loves his Galaxy as well. We are definitely happy campers. This phone is incredible. I want to give a big thanks to Amazon for the amazing deal they had on the phone - Sprint's upgrade/activation fees were annoying, but Amazon's deal on the phone was just astounding. Thanks, Amazon! You rock!The Samsung Galaxy S4 is great. I am coming from HTC Evo LTE, the hardware is much improved, however, I liked the HTC's additions to Android OS. I find the interface a bit bulky and less streamlined/sophisticated. But this is probably just preference. It would not affect my choice of phone. Purchase experience through Amazon... I'm wishing I'd paid more and purchased it from Sprint. I am actually wondering if I received a used phone. The phone box was opened, the plastic protectors for the front and back removed and replaced off center. And there are slight swirls, scratches, and scuffs on the back. Luckily there are none on the screen or it would have been immediately returned. Checking over my order information to see if the words used or refurbished were hidden somewhere.This phone has everything. I went from an S2 to an S4 so I do realize that alot of the features that are new to me, will not be new if you already have an S3. That being said, I am enjoying S beam and playing videos/displaying pictures directly from my S4 to my Samsung Smart TV (8500) with a simple touch of the share icon on the phone. You can also send TV to your phone which I haven't figured out a use for yet. The interface of the phone is excellent, smooth, responsive and FAST. This is definitely the best phone I have every owned. The eye tracking is cool, but again I'm not real sure its utility, but I've only had the phone for 3 days, so we'll see! The display is huge and super sharp and phone overall is very attractive and sleek. It is isn't lightly than the S2, but that's ok, I am getting a lot more phone for the same weight! I will come back and update after 1 month.Bought it for wi-fi calling. Seller (Edge Cellular) assured me it supported wi-fi calling. It does NOT support wi-fi calling. Only the later models of the S4 support it. The early/original models do not. Samsung didn't help here because it seems to have been a running change with no change to the model name, only a subtle change to the model number which is only visible if you remove the battery, and check the label.It's the Galaxy S4, you know it's amazing already so why are you reading this, buy it! It's basically an incremental upgrade from the S3. The screen is bigger, but the phone is actually smaller and thinner overall. The build quality is great. High quality plastic is what should be used on a mobile phone to keep it light and so everything bends instead of snaps like on metal or hybrid-ceramic phones. This phone is as light or lighter than the S3, which is great when it sits in your pocket you hardly notice it is there. The screen is absolutely amazing. If the colors are too saturated for you because of the bright AMOLED technology, Samsung has included software to tone down the colors a little or a lot, whatever you want. At 1080p you can view full, regular size webpages and read the smallest text with ease. The battery life is great as well, even at full brightness with heavy screen on time. The included software from Samsung is great, but it does take up some battery life, but you can simply turn it all of to improve battery life if you wish. That is the great thing about this phone and Android. If you don't like something you have full control over your phone and you can change it, unlike other smart phones.The only quibble I have with this phone to this point is that it does more than I'll ever need or want it to. I suppose carrier bloatware is annoying too, but you can turn off features that you won't use and, as for the bloat, you can root the phone if you're technically savvy (or willing to watch a Youtube video from an instructing, brilliant 12 year old). I haven't gone that path nor am I necessarily endorsing. Otherwise, it's beautiful, fast, efficient. I haven't run it dead yet and I use it pretty heavily in a day. I added a 64 Gb sd card as well. I moved up from a Galaxy 2 so the improvement was pretty vast. Can't recommend enough.The size is practically perfect, not too big, not too small. However, the light weight and slick finish made me worry about dropping it until I added a case with some grip. Switching from HTC to Samsung was not as simple as it could've been. I had to migrate all of my apps by hand. I am still trying to find a way to migrate more archived data (i.e. text history, bookmarks, ringtones, etc). Not all operations are as intuitive as my former HTC device, which was easier to learn the ins and outs of. The computing power and battery life of this phone does exceed expectations.A great phone! I've used mine for about 2 years now and have had no problems with it. The battery is still going strong, although the software is probably outdated at this point. Didn't seem to underperform even on newer games and apps, and the storage space is almost a non-problem with the accessibility of microsd cards at low pricesWasn't really sure how this all worked but I found the whole process to be pretty darn easy. Y'all know this phone is a great phone, and you can't go wrong if you want a great camera, easy operating system and a nice sized screen to see things. I've been hearing samsung is trying to break away from google so there are more samsung apps than I expected on this phone, but you can delete whatever you don't want, so it's not that big of a deal.Awesome features, nice device and all.. but what drives me insane is that it heats-up when i keep it in my pocket. I have no idea what triggers this thing. At first i thought it was malfunction and i took it to a phone repair store, and then they said that it was because of the size of the battery, few days later i realize it's not just me, but i happens to almost everyone i know. Samsung supposedly fixed that on the new version with a much smaller battery. But other than that, best phone i have had yet.With monster power and superb features that exceed all my expectations for my business also gaming needs. So much faster with better screen resolution than my aging S3, also its quad core processor and faster graphics capabilities make for a wonderful experience!. A must have for the price of only $49.99 from Amazon Wireless with 2yr contract on the "Sprint network". A+++++ as this device should meet my needs for many years to come, plus the fact that I'm in an 4G/LTE market from Sprint. (So I can enjoy all of the benefits of this power house S4)Woohoo I finally got my chance to upgrade from my last phone, I waited till Christmas and it was worth it. I wanted this phone ever since it came out and it is great. It has already been discussed to death, my suggestion don't bother with anyone else just get the phone from Amazon.I had a real nightmare trying to buy the phone at my local Best Buy, and Amazon was a little less anyway. They delivered it on time even in the middle of the holiday blitz, and the setup with sprint was a breeze. The experience buying the phone was excellent, and it is amazing.This is my first Smartphone. I gave it 4 Stars due to Battery life is bad. I have to recharge this 2 times a day. Where coming from an old flip phone that i recharged every 5-7 days. But I understand the size of the screen and what i'm using it for. Also I don't like (or know) how to remove some pre installed apps on the phone. Other than that it's great for all I need it for. I won't go into that since you can read about it on other reviews or Samsung website.The phone itself is in great shape and looks new, but the battery is horrible and needs to be replaced. In 20 minutes it went down to 77 percent from 100 with little use.I bought one of these S4's back when I got my tax return, trying to get away from the iphone and I love this phone. I did buy a refurbished phone but it looked grand new. There is a tiny spot on the side of the phone where it looks like it might have been dropped or maybe just happened in production? But it's fast and is A LOT better than an Iphone.Had one issue with the phone, but Sprint quickly replaced the defective SIM card and all is well. Phone meets description and issue with SIM chip was not a big hassle. I would recommend and buy this item again as it meets both my needs and my expectations. Our work group has three of these which replaced two Galaxy S4s and one LG G2 seamlessly.We had this phone for approx 45 days; would no longer charge. Discovered that the charging port was broken (phone used by aged parent; not mistreated). Bought in "like new" condition...no refund from this vendor. this was the fastest $119 I've ever lost on a product.Still using this phone and I got it pretty early on, a number of months ago. It's awesome with Sprint, as uniquely, this phone has wi-fi calling which means even if I have no service available, I can hop on wi-fi and call and text like normal, and because its on wi-fi, non of the calls or texts count toward my total usage. Its like having a portable magic jack without the ridiculous fees and non-sense. I do love this phone.so far I love this phone. where I live it is hard to get a good signal but this phone does well, it has dropped a few calls. it is like any computer it has some buggy stuff that happens sometimes like freezing up. just shutting it down every so often helps it. its easy to get around on it but like any phone there is a lot of apps on it that I will never use or have no clue what they are for. if you had the galaxy s3 then you will like this phone just as much.This is the best freakin phone ever made. You will get over the speakerphone not being as loud as the htc one in a heartbeat. I took a chance buying this because of the screen size (instead of the HTC One). And though I'd probably be very happy with HTC One, This thing takes the cake. The camera/camcorder and features are amazing. The Screen is the biggest you're going to get before it starts to feel more like a tablet. Side by side with htc one in overall dimensions, they're about the same size. The screen border is smaller on this thing, only thing that's an issue is if you have a case the protects the front as it makes it harder to touch the edges of the screen. Just 1 thing to keep in mind.I bought this product and it worked for 2 months - tried to return it because it stopped working (kept rebooting and loosing Sims card) - do not buy this product - in other words buyer beware... This product will be guaranteed for 30 days and after that you are on your own I will not purchase anything from this seller in the futureI like this phone. No major problems except that when I talk to my husband, also on an S4, I hear an echo. He does not. Everyone that talks to him hears an echo. It's frustrating. I can't stand to be on the phone with him anymore because of it. I didn't dock the rating too much because I don't know if this is because of his settings......but I feel like we've checked everything!!Sim card did not come with item, couldnt find on description where it wouldnt come with one. Sprint did give us a sim card for it once we found a store that carried it.I bought this twice from the same company. My son is bad on phones. The first one was great, seemed new with no issues. The second one has had issues since it arrived; it was sounded muffled and had poor reception. Now my son can only talk on it through speaker setting. It's obviously refurbished.What more can be said about this phone than has already been said. it is like my own little entertainment center that also can make phone calls. My only complaint is the camera is not the greatest. I cannot get it to take a clear picture no matter what settings I use. oh well I will just have to use it to watch movies, play games, talk to my family, surf the web, buy random stuff of of Amazon, and the list just goes on.I used this phone for sevral years. Still works great and is my daughters phone now. I will be ordering another for my younger daughter in a few months for her birthday.The phone is great but you had to buy a 2 year contract with Sprint. I normally like Sprint but when I tried to change carriers I found out that the phone was locked by Sprint and after 6 days of calling and waiting, I was never able to unlock it. When my contract is finished I will happily take a hammer to the phone. It is of no use to anyone else because of the locking feature. I feel that Amazon should have given me a heads up when I bought the phone.Good quality!ill raise my 2 star to a 5 star as soon as they contact me about the charger problem and that this phone didn't come with an ICCID sim card... Edit: so I had to get a free ICCID sim card from sprint in order for me to activate the phone properly. not a big deal. they sent me a brand new charger also, im a very happy customer.I absolutely love everything about this phone with one exception. The phone should be offered with a slide out keyboard. No phone without one will get a 5 star rating from me. The processing power is far better than my Epic 4G, and actual 4G LTE is light - years ahead of the ridiculous and virtually useless Wi - max 4G. My only other issue is I hoped that the sound quality would be better, and that it wouldn't turn the sound down every time I connect it to the aux port in my car, assuming headphones are connected.I was electrocuted and it negatively affected my memory. Since, the accident i have had so many problems trying to keep appointments, trying to drive to any destination, and even trying to type text messages. This does everything and more than i ever even dreamed of. I love it. Marvin GallegosPhone sucks, it lasted 3 months, do yourself a favor don't buy this junk, its pure junk...its unfortunate that Amazon doesn't allow me to state the full story. But its ok because today is the last time on Amazon, I'm sorry I ever shop on AMAZON...The fact that amazon can check the upgrade eligibility through my carrier is great, in turn I was able to get this phone for an awesome price. As for the phone, its great as well. All the features are cool with a smooth transition from one feature to another. I am still learning how to do new and different things with it. Definetly recommend it to everyone.Got this for my wife. Had problems getting it ordered. Support not only helped me order it a second time, but called me the next day to assure me the second order went through and the phone was on its way. Got it earlier than promised. My wife loves it. Much better than her older SI. She is still learning about all of the features, but could not be happier.Good-looking phone. Came in 2 days, which was perfect for my teenage grandson that had broken his old one. No issues thus far, but have only had it since Thurs. 11-2-17. No problems switching his service over either. Thanks again!This is my first smart phone so I'm still getting used to all the features but I'm very impressed with the phones capabilities. I'm also thrilled with the response time and intuitive way it works. This device is more capable and user friendly the many PCs I've used through the years I highly recommend this product to any entry level user as well as someone we versed in smart phones.Worked fine, only works at sprint thoughNo issues with phone so far.I am so glad that I made the switch from my old HTC EVO to the GS4. I miss my kickstand, but this new celly is faster, more powerful, and better looking. Picture quality is much better and I like having the option of WiFi Calling. That might be just a Sprint feature. Check your carrier to make sure.This is the second phone I've bought from Amazon, and it works great. I will never get suckered into financing a phone through the service provider.Amazon outdid themselves on this deal. 1 cent for this piece of wondertech? What a pleasant surprise! I have 3 of these in use in the family, and now I've finally gotten my wife out of her Palm OS and into the Android world. I am very pleased and she is happy as well!An amazing smart phone! This is essentially a small computer in your hands. It has very many different functions and with the "Free" Android software that is available, there does not seem to be any limitations to what it can do! Way to go Samsung!The phone itself is beautiful and my girlfriends sisters S4 works great. This phone was received with defective battery. After I had activated phone, it would restart itself constantly. I ordered new battery right away but still had no phone for 3 days. When new battery arrived, phone kept restarting itself, so phone also was defective. Returned.good to goThis phone does everything I want it to do. However, the Sprint towers do not provide the reception that was originally promised when the service was started. I like the increased performance of the features of the S4 over the S3. The camera provides better picture clarity than my digital camera.a speedy good Android phone. It is much faster then my Evo 3d(which I am now playing around with rooting :) ) I am looking forward to the S-Health accessories if or when they finally come out. I played around with most of the Samsung "extras" and have turned off much of it. The eye locator seems the hardest to convince to work.Works good. Didn't even make difference it is older product. Phone works great! .Love it. Better than my iPhone 4. Many more functions and screen is awesome. Battery life is better also, after some adjustments.Worked great for a week then stopped getting reception. Would not make or receive calls or texts. Sprint reps think the antenna went out. I'm in the process of returning it.I love my phone. My daughter has one too! I know she loves hers too. We have had no major problems. Good price and works great.Teenage son still likes it. Screen cracked on a cold day that sucks!! Wish Samsung would cover repairs. 0 degrees out and the screen just snapped.This was ordered for my husband and he absolutely loves his new phone. It's sleek, slimmer than his HTC EVO, has much better sound quality and he loves the 13 megapixel camera.This phone was for my teen daughter. She loves it. Yes, I still like Galaxy, but this time around went with LG G2 myself. Anyway, this phone pleases my daughter a lot, so that's what matters!I received the phone in the physical condition described as "Like New". The issue I have is there is was no sim card in the package and cannot activate the phone.Ordered 3 / 2 came without Sprint SW downloaded so could not get sprint apps from google play store. One device gets extremely hot with minimal use. Battery life is terrible. Always have to carry chargers with us for all devices. Devices freeze often. First of many Samsung devices that I am not satisfied with.1 stars bc the phone is in good condition. But it did NOT come with a usb cable and wall charger. Also It did NOT come with an Sim card. Which I feel should be noted when purchasing. Really unhappyMy husband received this as a gift for Christmas (early) and he absolutely loves it. Great phone. There are a lot of different features available on this phone which take a while to figure out but gives a lot of options.My almost 3 year old S2 finally took a dump and this S4 was only a penny... it was an easy choice. Only issue I have is I am on the garbage Sprint network.I love it so far, but hate the apps burnt in. I do not like having advertising, or similar stuff forced on something I AM paying for. And I cannot delete it to boot! All good but Samsung fauled this up.Great phone for some one that want the best performance for the priceGarbage, constant problems, crashes, upload problems, just a poor phone in general, did not last 6 monthsMy carrier could not give me this great price for this great product. So many features, I use it more than my IPad .Bought a "S4" for a penny. Sounds good, right? Well I was replacing a S2 which needed a new battery, but was able for a free upgrade. I've now had the phone for a month. I continually have connection issues, data transfer issues and hangups. Come to find out, my phone had another number attached. (Repaired phone). Came in a Sprint box like new and the seller said it was a new phone. Now, they know me in the Sprint store on a first name basis. Finally, to fix the problem, I now have to wait for 3 working days for a new phone. Funny thing is, my wife and I did the same deal. Hers works great. So my advice for all is, good luck. Hope yours works better than mine.Nice extra phoneI got this phone for my boyfriend when his s2 had problems and he loves it. No complaints from him. Its a great phone.I bought mine here for $50 less than Sprint- my carrier. Big screen, good resolution, no freezes like the S3. And, I couldn't live without Swype technology...I am NOT a pecker! Enjoy!For a recent high school graduate this was a great present. He can use it to job search and to keep his upcoming college schedule in order.We were excited to find this phone at a reasonable price. Unfortunately, the phone only worked long enough for us to activate it.For the money ! New in the box Sprint even set it up for me Free ! I like better than my 7iphoneAs advertised....works greatGreat phone! Like new and works great also. Fast shipping and I will order again from this Seller. Thank you!Bought this one for my husband. (I already had one) Although he never "needed a smart phone", he uses it all the time...and not just for phone calls.Absolutely awesome phone. Upgraded from the S3 and the improved camera alone was worth the upgrade. (Still not the best in low light though.)Looks brand new just like my s5 wasThis is definitely the smartest phone I've ever used. It is fantastic. Now all I have to do is to learn how to use it.Great phone, great price. A little large for me, but I wanted a phone that was the same as my wife's for the benifit of only learning one phone. Very nice indeed.packaging and produst as exspected. nice job and thank youItem arrived on time and as described, great item for the price and it works wonderfullyHave never owned a phone better than a samsung.was a good replacementI upgraded to the s4 from the s3, very happy with the s4 and its features. I like the similarities to the s2 which made it very easy to use from opening the box.Great phone, great contract deal (got it for a penny).Just upgraded to this phone and I love it. Battery is great, my service is so much better and it has wonderful features. I give it a five star rating now. I haven't found anything I don't like about it.Purchased for my grandson. I had already purchased one for my granddaughter. They are on them 24-7. Maybe was not a good idea to buy such a good phone, then. Yes,it was.Works great for a refurbished phone! Not in bad shape either!!I got this phone for my dad, and he could not stop playing with the features. One of his favorites features is the voice recognition, he could not believe that all he had to do is say the name of a store in his town and it would provide the address and phone number! great GPS tooThe best deal ever love it so much!!#More than exceeded my expectations. Definitely a Life Companion. Great technology Galaxy 4 the best cell phone out right now.Exactly as described! It is nice something and to be pleasantly surprised.samsung has been stepping up coming from a galaxy s2 this phone is amazing i used most of the features and there are plenty more. My favorite feature is the air view im always checking emails and being able to view it without opening it is greatGood phone. Battery at first was great but after a month starting to die faster; the charger that came with it charges my phone in abt an hr. But I have lots of games. The first day the battery was fantastic. I still love the phone thoughItem shipped promptly and was as described.Samsung Galaxy S 4 - where power meets simplicity. It's a big step forward compared to the Galaxy S3, with a whopping screen inside.Love this phone! It came earlier than expected, the only thing i had a problem with, they just set on my porch. And anyone could've takers it.I love my new Galaxy S4...it's GREAT!Love this phone!Very Good as any other Samsung product.great phone I am still using that and learning more and more about it everyday I still have it and have gone through one case and put a new case onThis is a fantastic phone! It really is worth the price. The battery lasts a long time, and it charges rather quickly.Just like the S3, but with a little better voice recognition, my only real complaint with the S3. Still leaps-and-bounds ahead of the IPhones.The best of everything. Wow; what a phone! I also have an HTC ONE and this is superior in so many ways.perfect!I love it, just trying to learn how to use all the features! Its a learning curve but so far it's been great.Very nice. Thank youThe samsung galaxy s4 is awsome! It is great for multitasking and running many apps at the same time! And the camera is amazing!Great phone, bought it for my wife and she prefers it over her tablet. Big display but not outrageous.Couldn't be happier with this phone and only paid 1 cent for it. Best smartphone I have had so fargood phone for the time beingbest phone on the market....today love it love it love it...easy to use bright screen.....I can read it now....plus a good buy.....I ordered this for my son as he was due for an upgrade on his phone. He seems to like it very much.Good Case for the buck, fits nice on the phone, feels good in your handBought used but doesn't work properlyIt's a quad core processor with 4gb of ram and a 5 in super amoled screen... Need I say more?I love the Galaxy S 4, it is everything that I need in a phone.Very good phone lots of featuresI am very pleased with my purchase. Exactly as described. I will definitely do business with them again.ExcelenteHigh quality and excellent value for the price.I like my samsung s4 phone but I'm having problems trying to stay connected to the webgreatExcellent not even a ding on it activated normally and have had no issues at all.Thank you my son love this phone he is enjoying his self. So that is all that i have to say.Phone was just like new, exactly how it said! IT works fine and included a charger...Awesome purchase!i've had the phone for about 2 days now. the battery life is not great but considering I needed the phone on short notice, this works fine.Nice phonejust as describedI absolutely love this phonereplaced by s5 but still works greatThank you..my phone came in a day early . Said it was slightly used but it looked brand.new to me. Was very happy with this phone. ;)Good phonebest deal of the yearI've had it less than a month. So far so good. Everything seems to be ok.The phone is great quality for it being used.Love this phone! Replaced my iphone 4s and the Galaxy is so much better! Bigger, easier to see screen, more features. Love it!!!I love the phone received it really fast also it is easy to use cool lirttle tricks still didn't do everything it is capable of doingWas in a really good conditionsExcellent!Pretty great. Definitely better then S2, which was my previous smart phone. Navigating the menus felt pretty intuitive. Overall, solid 4 stars.I finally convinced my husband to get a smartphone and he said yes, and he loves it too. He is enjoying listening to his music.Sent backThis phone is my guardian angel. It works so well. I love it...I'm still trying to figure out all it has to offer but it's the best phone I've ever purchased.Awesome phone and works greatA+++Good phone. Work s well no problemsGreat phone - no complaints. Love the larger screen vs the Iphone and blackberry. Battery life is pretty good as well.My son says it is a good phone. He says he has not had any problems so farI love this phone. I'm not into all the hand waving and phone touching but if I was, this would be even more awesome. It's fast, the camera is really clear and I get my emails. Apps look great on the phone too.I know there are some others out there that are pretty good, but this thing does everything I could possibly ask and I'm still learning more things about it.Got it for a penny. Couldn't be happier.Haven't had it for a long time but loving it so far. Huge upgrade from my HTC Evo Design 4G.Best android product I've had so far. Only reason it does not get 5 stars is the fact that the battery life is not that good. It lasts about 8 hours if used heavily.Previous Iphone user-no regrets switching to galaxy s4. so classy n awesome. lots of freebies n unlimited options. Bttery life no problem i have charger in my bedroom, car, work etc plenty.The seller sent me two phones that both didn't work.got rid of my crap phone (iphone) love tv remote and speed, battery feels like nothing in hand so lightLove this galaxy iphone has nothing on this screen bright pictures hd quality its light and way more better apps get this phoneMade me pleasured.I love the big screen, all the features. Light weight. Most of the people I work with have it. It's just a great phone also go a good deal on it.I love my phone. . It's everything and more.. plus it works since my Samsung galaxy s2 stopped working ..thanks!This was an excellent deal. Got this phone for a penny - it arrived promptly. I've had it for month and still no complaints.Great buyCame pretty much brand new.After having a dumb phone for years this has been quite a learning curve. The guys from work are helping me quite a bit and I really do love the phone.Love my phoneGood buy great price and my favorite no surprises. Mad props to the seller! Good s***Good phone. Sleek. Fast. Everything expected in top of the line device. Couldnt be happier with the purchase I made.Great phone! Thanksi like my new is better then s2Received it on time! Works great!Great phone, defiantly going to buy againI love it!!!!!Love it! It is very handy and convenient.Really wanted this phone, but it evidently was a manufacturer's defect. Have used Samsung galaxy for couple of years and NEVER had any problems until the S4 arrived. Shipped it back and Amazon happily replaced it with the LG G2 since the galaxy was on back order.sometimes it says I have no sim card in phone but its there things dont work the way i hope for so its a big learning curve for this phone and I wish theReal nice phoneI love my phone!Love itPhone for my sister who loved it!!! There is a bit of a learning curve with all the extra features this phone brings but its really amazing. I might get one for myself later.the phone is great. i'm just not sure i need all this stuff. i don't understand the word minimum requirement for reviews. it makes no sense.Coming from a Epic 4g touch to the s4, wow what a difference and overall great phone. Battery life is much improved and alot smoother then my old s2.Coming from the HTC Evo this is a nice step up. With most new phones having so much internal memory everything runs faster and cleaner. Go for it.Awesome phone zero complaints real fast great option fast light ect. Work real well nice layout had an s2 this is just way better.THE PRODUCT IS AMAZING, IT WORKS AS DESIGNED. IT IS THE PERFECT PRODUCT FOR MY BUSY LIFE STYLE. IT IS AS WAS ADVERTIZED.7/19/2013 Edit- Downgraded to 2 stars. The screen stopped working. It's dark all the time despite the phone being on. Sent to Samsung for repair. Will take 1 to 2 weeks. They give you a UPS shipping label for "2 day air" service which means they are not in a rush to get your phone back working. Nice big screen. Apps open fairly fast. Long battery duration. I work in a very old building with very poor signal reception. My old device used to be depleted after 4 to 5 hrs. This one still has charge after 8 hrs. The weather widget stopped working for the past few days. It would not update the temperature. Turned out the phone needed to be restarted. I wish the ring volumes were higher. Sometimes I don't notice it is ringing.PHONE MAY BR GOOD BUT SPRINT IS GETTING SO SORRY THEY WAS GONNA SELL IT T ME WITH NO COVERAGE IN MY AREAthe phone had problems from the begining but was able to get it fix then after 3 months went bad again and ended up buying another one from sprint.It worked great for 1 day then it fritzed out on me and I had to return..which took almost 2 weeks to get done and in the end they didn't have another black one to exchange mine for so I had to choose another color. The s4 is a great phone but the exchange process is a pain.Works excellent. Quick shipping.Not a Sprint phone! Sprint dose not use sim cards! False advertisementIf you want a new updated phone; You should purchase the SIV, it is better than the iPhone 5 for a variety of reasons.either it or sprint troube since day 1 love the s3 my son has and the s5 my husband hasThis phone has a very limited battery life and it takes alot to be able to hold a charge for longer then 12 hours.I am really mad this product because it didn't let me use internet in Europe. For this reason i give 2 stars .If they let me know how to make changes for APN settings i will change my reviewNot a whole lot of people are using the latest 802.11ac standard -- AFAIK it isn't finalized yet and is still pricey. However, while the Nexus 5 has no problem with any of the ac routers I've purchased, the Galaxy S4 continues to be a problem. Range seems to be the biggest issue with the GS4 and an ac router -- I can't go more than a few feet away before losing substantial speeds and/or experiencing a complete loss of signal. I tried different routers and different firmwares with the same results and it happened on both of my GS4s. One particular firmware with the Netgear got me a greater range, but stability was much worse with loss of connections every few minutes. I'd like to think it's just a router issues, but the Nexus 5 doesn't have a problem with any router or any firmware version so I'm holding Samsung accountable on this one. Ultimately, I've decided to stick to the 2.4Ghz connection and the phone will work fine, but it's a shame that the 5Ghz ac connection won't work with this phone. Routers Used: Netgear AC1900 R7000 Nighthawk Stock Firmware Versions: V1.0.2.194_1.0.15 // V1.0.2.164_1.0.15 Kong Firmware Versions: 23250 Asus AC1900 RT-AC68R Firmware Version: 3.0.0.4.374_205 My Devices capable of 5GHz: Two Separate Galaxy S4 phones (802.11ac) Nexus 5 Phone (802.11ac) Nexus 7 Tablet (non 802.11ac) Panasonic TC-PST50 Television (non 802.11ac) Symptoms on Netgear AC1900 R7000 with firmware version V1.0.2.164_1.0.15: Galaxy S4 experienced sufficient coverage and speeds on 5GHz network but experienced unreliable connections with random drops occurring every few minutes. Only GS4 would display these issues, Nexus Devices and TV maintained connection to network/internet as well as the 2.4GHz devices and ethernet plugged devices. Symptoms on Netgear AC1900 R7000 with firmware version V1.0.2.194_1.0.15: Galaxy S4 had excellent speed with VERY limited range. Within 5 feet of router, phone obtained maximum connection speeds. After that, every few feet speeds would drop significantly. Once out of the room (less than 15 feet away), the GS4 would lose connection entirely. Nexus devices and TV did not experience this issue. Symptoms on Netgear AC1900 R7000 with firmware by Kong, version 23250: Exact same symptoms and results as with the stock Netgear firmware version V1.0.2.194_1.0.15 -- VERY limited range. Symptoms on Asus AC1900 RT-AC68R with firmware Version: 3.0.0.4.374_205: Exact same symptoms and results as with the stock Netgear firmware version V1.0.2.194_1.0.15 -- VERY limited range. Attempted Fixes: Factory Resets on Routers and GS4 Tried different channels on the router using WiFi analyzer to help choose Specifying Wireless Modes (N+AC, N, Auto, etc) Disabled WiFi Power Save Mode on GS4 Notes: No noticeable issues with the 2.4GHz or wired devices with any router or firmware versions -- though I've been primarily focusing on the 5GHz. Phone: Software Version: MK2, Hardware Version: L720.08, Non RootedI ordered a Samsung Galaxy S4 white, I got a different phone a Samsung Galaxy SPH4L720T, and a note saying they had the phone in black... I bought accessories and thought okay... it works with my lifeline phone service because its a Sprint phone. The new battery did not help. I cannot afford a new phone on my fixed income... and I need another Samsung Galaxy 4 to use the accessories I purchased. Awaiting a RMA. I never got to enjoy the phone as it was always needing charging... and thought the new battery would solve the proplem... I planned on getting a micro sd and new charger but unfortunately the phone died.The Samsung galaxy s4 is by far currently the best cell phone on the sprint network with only the I phone 5 and htc 1 even trying to give it competition. The quad core processor ,amazing screen and long battery life make this the best option for the android lovers out there. Pros: On android. 16gb memory but allows micro sd upgrade unlike iphone 5. Really long battery life quad core cpu with 2gbs of ram. (that's a better computer then most households have anymore) 13 megapixel camera that does amazing close up pictures and decent distant ones. (comparing this to my Nikon d7000) Cons: Slightly larger phone so if you have small hands it may be uncomfortable or easy to drop. Just so you know: Jason bought the black Heather bought the white. We both agree the white looks better even in the cases. Other options: Htc one Iphone 5 For every bit of hype the iphone 5 has the galaxy s4 has the muscle to back it up. While Samsung may not be the marketing firm that apple is they let there products talk for them self. And if you listen you can hear them clearly saying I am a better phone. A Jason and Heather Stanhouse review.While there is a lot I like about the phone I had to return it and get it through Verizon instead. Amazon's service was great -- unfortunately the same cannot be said for Sprint. During activation the Sprint gal was having a hard time hearing us... We live in North NJ (not that far from a Sprint tower). Also the next morning at the local grocery store the voice connection was an issue (mother-in-law) couldn't hear my wife. Lastly when my wife took the train from Denville to Summit, NJ the internet froze and went into roaming. Mind you all of these are highly populated areas. While unlmited data sounds great in reality it is a joke. No 4G in most parts of North NJ still June 2013 and voice quality and roaming issues. Signed back up with Verizon and will just limit video and music streaming to WiFi areas. Unlimited isn't worth poor connections -- sorry Sprint I am not paying $150 for 2 phone for unlimited poor connections. Heard the same negative feedback from a colleague in Indianapolis and they are supposed to be already on 4G out there. Guess 4G really doesn't mean great network if you only get it sometimes and drop calls and have garbled conversations frequently.I have been with the Galaxy line since the very first one with the sliding keyboard. I had the SI and SII, my brother has the SIII. I would consider myself a seasoned owner who knows the phones well. My SII started getting wonky on me finally so I had to trade up. I considered the HTC One but went with the Galaxy based on my past history with the line. I am extremely happy I did. This phone absolutely blows the SII and SIII out of the water on just about every level. The speed of the phone is great. I was a little worried I was not able to switch off 4G, that was a huge battery killer on my past phones. But it seamlessly switches between networks without you noticing and doesn't drain the battery. Pros: -Does very well at managing battery life. I wake up at 5:30am unplug my phone and go to work. I don't have to plug it in at all during the day. I'll come home at 4:00pm and still have over 70% battery. -Fast opening, switching and closing apps. There is almost no lag between when you touch the app and when it actually opens. -Easy to set up email accounts. I had zero issues getting all my email accounts set up. -Multitasking done right. You can open multiple apps at once and switch between the two easily(ex. looking up an address, typing it in GMaps). -They finally brought back the ability to create folders in the app drawer. Makes it easy to get rid of clutter. -Display is bright and colors are very accurate. The auto dimming display is responsive and it actually works. - Easy to use. If you are familiar with the Galaxy line you will find it easy to transition to this phone. Even if you are not, most of the settings are easy to find and nothing is too buried in the menus. - Expandable memory (HTC One does not have this). - Camera is great and has a lot of features. You need to sit down and play with the camera for a while just to see everything it can do. - Replaceable battery (HTC One is sealed). My SII battery eventually bulged and had to be replaced. The ability to change the battery was a major decision point between the SIV and HTC One. - Inductive charging. The inductive charger back is coming out soon for this phone. Although if you search on ebay you can find the stock back cover with the inductive coil already on it. This one works for the Palm Touchstone which is an awesome little charger. You can fit it in your car cup holder. Cons: - Size: the phone is pretty large. I wish they had went with a 4.7" screen instead. I compared it to my old SII and it was only slightly taller (~0.25") but it is noticeably larger to hold. - Gestures: I really dislike the air gesture, and eye gesture crap. You can turn it off though! - Sound is not great but who buys a phone for great sound from a 0.125" speaker. - Email sync interval for Gmail is always on push. Can't change it to a different interval. - With headphone jack connected a warning message pops up when you go to high on the volume. It doesn't allow you to go any higher until you click OK. This would be easy to close if I didn't have my phone in my motorcycle jacket while traveling at 70mph down the freeway. It is pretty annoying and I hope they patch this eventually. - You can't use data while making a phone call. This is a huge problem if you are talking to someone and want to look something up without first hanging up. I don't know why they didn't enable this on the SIV when all the other ones had it. Again, a software fix can most likely fix this issue. Basically all of the cons can be either turned off or patched with a future update. Overall I am very happy with this phone. I have had no issues thus far. It has satisfied my needs very well. I use my phone for work, recreation, general internet browsing, social networking and all the normal phone functions. I added some pictures from the camera for examples.The S4 is awesome. Fast, great screen, great camera (my friend's iPhone 5S camera is a bit better). I had a Motorola Photon which was stuck on Android 2.3, but that phone was bulletproof - very thin case and dropped on concrete a few times with no damage. I doubt this phone we be as forgiving on concrete, but I love the size and how light it is. I put a thin case around it for some protection. I also put a screen film on it, but may take that off. Love the phone.I thought Samsung phones were known for being able to take a fall or any amount of abuse from its owner. I recently dropped this phone into the depths that is my rectal cavity and the walls of my anus easily crushed the phone itself. I didn't even have any time until it was completely obliterated. Overall, not satisfied with build quality.Good phone with a nice camera and quick response but within 6 months of buying it new the screen has a green line going down it and the bottom left corner lost its calibration (the rest of the screen is fine). I should point out that I never dropped it or let it get wet unlike my cell phone company that keeps saying I must have dropped it and I need to pay to fix it.Here is a great sprint story. I have been having network issues since we joined Sprint. I called last week and they walked me through how to reset our phones and to connect to the network again. While my pregnant wife is out shopping she could not make a phone call to me or receive a text from me. I called Sprint to tell them we need to leave on good terms. We will pay our last bill and that is it. After being on the phone for an hour and 2 mins I got the "we have to give you a call back". I didn't get a call back so I got on Sprint Chat to get some attention again. I was placed on hold 5 times before I talked to a manager, EACH TIME having to explain our situation. If my wife goes into labor and I am at work it is a very unsettling feeling that I know she probably can't get a hold of me. They want me to take my wife phone from her while she is at home to have it looked at by one of their techs. The final conclusion was "we will have an answer for you by Monday". MONDAY? What if she goes into labor this weekend? They keep on stating that I signed a contract to pay. Well I signed a contract to have service that I do not get. So Sprint is in void of this contract and I should be able to get out with not penalty. So far I have spent 2.5 hours on the phone today with Sprint with no resolution.Saying sim is locked. Going to take to sprint ???This phone is great, I bought it at best buy and it's one of the best phones that I have ever owned. I was deciding between this phone and the Htc One but I picked this phone because it has expandable memory and a removable battery. The battery life on this phone is great, it last me all day with heavy use. The features like air view and multi-window make the phone an amazing device. The build quality is great also, but if you don't like the plasticy feel, I wouldn't recommend this phone to you, the Htc One has a better build quality in terms of materials used. But overall this phone is one of the best phones out right now. I recommend this phone to anyone looking to upgrade their phone.Love the phone although the battery gets super hot and not as long lasting as advertised. Love Samsung products. Sprint on the other hand customer service sucks. Rep's cannot keep their stories straight and when you call them out you are called a liar and thief - great way to keep a customer who has been with the company for ten years happy. . . Not!I upgraded from a terrible phone called the replenish and this phone by far is the best phone that has ever been in my hands! I thought that I would always get an iPhone because when I got m iPod then I got a Mac it would only be fair to get the iPhone but "Oh No". I love my GS4. The phone is fast, I love all the features and the camera. This phone can be customized in so many different ways. Not pointing the finger at iPhones which is a very simple type of phone but I most def love this phone! If you come from an iPhone it may seem weird because its so much going on, but if you're still with an android to switch to a GS4 its awesome! I would def recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a new phone with lost of apps and features, this is the one for you! And I got mines in black too. I feel like a lot of people have white phones,. Whether its an iPhone or android white is the pick. SO I tried to be "different" and chose the black! Plus, what's the difference once the case is on. LOLI wasn't sure which one to get s4 or iPhone 5s. I have had iPhone for 3 yrs but I made a right decision and got Samsung s4. I do not miss iPhone at all..Had to return orginal phone due to dropping of calls. So far so good with second phone. Don't like the fact that the 30 day warranty applies only to the original phone; does not start after delivery of replacement phone.extremely fragile. The glass breaks very easily. THe phone is crap and the "life proof" case protector does not work. I've gone through 2 of these phones in 4 months. Total waste of money.Fast shipping. A very good phone. Worth the small price.I had a iPhone 4 I decided to switch to the galaxy 4s because it was bigger and I can see it better without staining my eyes I love the phone I do not like the fact that galaxy 4s has a lot of per installs apps that I don't use and can not delete but all in all very happy with my choice in trading in the iPhoneNo radioBe very careful the screen cracks way to easily. I had the phone in my shorts and must have bumped into something and when took my phone out the screen was cracked. I did not drop or sit on it. Gorilla glass 3 is a joke if walking and bumping into something cracks the screen. Mine is right at the home button. It is smashed there and the crack goes half way up the phone.Very happy with this phone. I am a hard core vanilla android user and usually use google devices, but with sprint my options have been limited. I have been using this phone with cyanogenmod and very happy with the speed and quality of the devices, while not sacrificing my hatred for bloated software from manufacturers. With that said, the samsung software is very nice with some features not available on any other phone, it just wasn't for me. Device wise, this was one of the best devices on the market when I purchased it.The phone appeared to be new, arrived in the box with wrapping on it and everything. However, the phone had been turned on prior. I know this because I performed a factory reset on the phone and was presented with language selection among other things. The phone had also been flashed as the Knox counter read 0x1 (this voids any manufacturer warranty). The phone's default build and language appeared to be Yemen (middle east origin). I had to flash the device with Samsung's latest USA android version for Sprint in order to get the phone activated as the prior build and android version wouldn't update itself. Also, after flashing the phone and finally getting it activated I am still experiencing a kind of UI issue with the signal bars. When the phone is idle it appears I have almost no signal, as soon as I make a phone call the bars jump up and I can see my signal is actually quite good. I'm guessing this has to do with the phone's origin and the software's origin not quite aligning properly... Needless to say, if you're not tech savy you will probably run into trouble trying to activate and/or use this phone. I almost returned the phone but it was in very nice condition and I really needed one. After playing around with the software and buying a SIM card I decided to just keep it after I got it activated. Yes, you will need a SIM card to activate. Expect an additional 20-25 dollars on top of the device's price in order to use it.Well, since I'm far from the first review of this phone I won't go into all the features (which I've only scratched the surface of anyway!). Instead I'll just give my overall impressions. I LOVE this phone. It looks great, fantastic screen and size, it's thin and light. The speed is excellent on just about every app and feature I've used. I really have no complaints after about 2 weeks of using it. Oh, battery life ... having had the S2 before this with battery life of - maybe - half a day this is a pleasure. For example, as I write this at about 11pm after an admittedly light usage day, the battery is still at 74% I'm not saying this is the norm but so far I have not had a day where the phone would have died before the end of the day if I hadn't charged it. We'll see how that holds up over time but for now, battery life is excellent. BATTERY UPDATE: Have had the phone close to 2 weeks now and I must say that battery life has been more than acceptable. Today is a fairly typical day I think. As I write this around 3:30pm I'm at close to 70% battery life. Considering that it was fully charged at 6:30am I'd say that's not too bad. Hope this is helpful. Oh, and as a kicker, I managed to snag this for $0.01 thanks to an unannounced (as far as I know) Amazon sale so that makes this phone even sweeter. Thanks Samsung ... thanks Amazon [it pays to poke around the site on Thanksgiving night!! lol] If you're an android user or switching to it, get this phone!! Hope this is helpful to some of you.WHAT A RIP OFF!! They don't tell you the phone is tied to the country of Yemen so you CANNOT activate on the Sprint USA network which I found out after wasting my lunch break at the Sprint store trying to active it. It might new, all shiny and pretty, but worthless if you don't live in Yemen. The seller should be required to disclose where the phone is tied to. I looked very carefully at all the fine print before buying because I know phones can be incompatible, blocked, etc. but no where did the seller disclose this information. After reading other reviews, I see other customers returned for the same reason. Should have read those first and saved my time and trouble. Now I have to go waste another lunch hour returning this worthless hunk of metal.This phone is thin and light in weight but it loses internet connection to much. I purchased 3 of these phones for my sons and have had to call Sprint numerous of times because the phone dropped connection to the internet. The LTE or 3G doesn't work nor wifi. When I called Sprint I was given a code to enter on the dial screen and it rebooted the phone. All three phones have had to be rebooted at least once and 2 of the phones twice. Once it reboots it fine. We called so much I saved the code in my phone so I won't have to call. I asked the rep from Sprint if this was common and I was told yes for this phone. I would not buy another one of these phones. This phone overheats when its charging. My son was charging it while watching Netflix and the phone felt like it was about to explode. The phone didn't have a full charge on it either. I thought it was hot because it was being overcharged but that was not the case. I unplugged it and took it off the bed.I own an S3 and S4.This is my 3rd Galaxy Series phone and my 4th android. I'm not an android geek but when I initially needed a smart phone android was more affordable than iPhone, fairly user friendly and simply a bigger screen than Apple. For some reason the S4 has issues with Sprint apps and network connectivity the S3 doesn't. I like the slightly larger screen size and the lay-out of the Samsung keyboard better than the S3. The screen resolution and clarity is nice as is the resolution of the camera. The processor is slightly faster. Overall a really nice smart phone that's easy on the eyes esthetically and in visual clarity. Small screens are tough to see with aging eyes and when I get a whopper migraine (which is frequently). The only improvement I could make would be to have a Galaxy Note or similar Android Phablet.I bought this as a Christmas present for my grandson. His current phone was broken and he was not eligible for upgrade. He was so happy when he opened the package. Then we tried to activate it only to find out that it had been shipped without a SIM card and could not be activated. There was no information in the description of this product that would have led me to believe we would not be able to activate it without going to the Sprint store and getting a SIM card. This meant they had to wait for two hours in a Sprint store, then have issues with the account and have to sign another contract. I would never have bought the phone had I know it was not ready for activation. Unable to contact seller either.Phone came fast and in excellent condition, just as advertised. Phone functions worked flawlessly also... However, phone would not activate. After waiting weeks to receive multiple micro Sim cards that I had to order from my carrier, and countless other cards tried at their store, non would work. Phone was checked and found to be undamaged, but still could not be activated. Error message stated that each Sim card was not compatible. No one could figure out why this was happening and could not fix the issue. I had to return the phone. Just disappointed, as it was such a nice phone.Super duper!! So many features I haven't even scraped the surface on them yet. It takes great pictures, and Video's. The slow-motion setting is so much fun. Three different speeds. It has a very fast response, much better reception than the Old SII I had, bigger screen, (its actually longer, not wider.) I was going to purchase the Note 3, but the price kept me from it. I got the GALAXY tab 3 from sprint for a great deal, so it was the bigger screen I was looking for, then got a super Black Friday deal From Amazon on the S4. Perfect pair. The S4 is lighter faster and so many more features than the Old SII. I'd recommend it to anyone wanting a new phone (WAY BETTER THAN THE iPhoney) So go get one, oh yeah you can get 4GLTE as well !!!!Had to purchase this phone due to the fact that I had a run of bad luck with dropping my phones this year. My only option was to buy a device and have it hooked up through my cell phone provider. I was not yet eligible for a upgrade with my carrier. The product was used however it was in excellent condition just like it had stated on the product discription. I have had a Samsung galaxy 4s in the past so I was familiar with its features. It came in a timely manner and had a battery and charger included. Would recommend this product to others.Cord connection is not the standard Android type. I have continued to use Samsung products for our entire family because we all can use the same chargers. Don't have to keep several different car chargers in all our cars, for example. Very disappointed--this is a deal breaker.Be careful with these. The one I got was financially locked by Sprint because of the previous user's account being unpaid. We could not activate it and had to send it back. Seller was good about it, but I went elsewhere. Phone functioned fine otherwise.Great price! This was purchased for a teen who was excited to receive the phone. Unfortunately,I had to carry the phone to Sprint due to trouble with activation. They discovered the original SIM card was defective. (The product arrived sealed in plastic wrap with manufacture seals in place). Sprint said that the merchandise had to be returned to place of purchase if they couldn't find an extra in the store. Fortunately, they found one. There haven't been any other problems.Mom loved her upgraded android. She went from the original galaxy to the s4. Much faster for her. This was in excellent quality and condition.I dont know if it's the phone itself or because I bought it from Amazon but I have been experiencing glitches with this phone. It shuts off at random times, the screen freezes from time to time, and in the rare times I choose to make a phone call the dial screen disappears and I cant hang up . I fear I may lose everything on my phone one day. I may have to purchase a new phoneVery happy with it. Amazingly, with Amazon help did not have any problems with the activation. A month ago I bought my first Samsung Galaxy S4 through Amazon and I am soooo pleased with it that I decided to buy the second one as a gift for my husband. Would recommend it to everybody, and specially to buy it through Amazon which has the best price, even better than any of the major phone companies, i.e., Verizon, ATT, Sprint, etc. Amazon service rocks.I have purchase the Samsung Galaxy S4 and it is the best phone purchase ever. The battery life is great, of course the more apps you have running the faster the battery will run down. It is thin and light which I find great for when carrying for a lengthy period of time. The set up was a breeze, the activation was a bit challenging but I still am happy with my choice. The item arrived as indicated. The packaging and condition was exactly as described. I would use this seller again.I love all the smart features of this phone. It moves very quickly and hasn't had any problems with freeze ups. The camera is great quality, even in the front and it has a lot of fun extra features. The slim design is perfect for me. When playing music the lock screen includes a usable player for quick access without having to draw unlock pattern, awesome feature!!! I also love talking to my Galaxy, she has some great things to say :) Battery life is great, I don't have to charge it all day, even with music and calls. Personalizing the phone was really great, there are so many options to fit my needs! Text styles, screen styles, even the option to change the main icons on the bottom, this phone can really be individualized!LikeThis phone is jacked up right out of the box. It needs a software update but does not have a software update feature in settings like EVERY BOTHER PHONE. Some people said its because the phone is jail broken or something like that. But i bought it brand new so i dont know if yhe seller lied about it being brand new. So I can't update my phone. Bad phone from a bad company.Love it! In great shape but the sim card thing doesn't work, it will reject the sim card and pop it back out. This doesn't affect the use of the phone though, it just has a constant message about how theres no sim card and you can't use 4G data. 3G still works tho so it's all good :)Fast delivery. Came a day earlier than expected. Just as described. Phone does not look used at all. I had to really search hard to find a nick. Phone works excellent. I have never bought a used phone offline because I have heard horror stories where the phone ended up be stolen or blacklisted later down the road because the previous owner didn't pay off the phone. Everything clear so far so I couldn't be more pleased. Will post a 30 day update as well!a computer in your pocket. it is still too new to know everything about this phone, but what i do know i like. hard to get used to no physical keyboard.But i make up for it with using the voice feature a lot. it does have a few glitches, but i am putting that down to the new downloads. what comes on the phone is good. i waited a long time to get into a smart phone, and this seems like a smart choice.So glad there is a white Android phone available. Aesthetics are important for me. I'm enjoying my Galaxy X4 immensely. I wish I could give it 4.5 stars only because some of the features Samsung is publicizing are not as easy to access/use as stated. Otherwise the phone is great and I would purchase it again.GoodThis phone has everything I need and then some. Screen is clear and large enough to watch a movie on. Only thing I have issues with is the distance to reach across it with my left thumb is quite a stretch. But sometimes you cant have your cake and eat it too. I'll deal with the stretch.A very good phonecolor is nice...very thin, light weight, big screen battery life is not to great but since working in buildings with signal jammers its expected haha so i have to airplane mode a whole bunch. little story to go with my review my hubby was a apple this and that type of guy haha... bcuz its a pain to share things from a iphone to a droid and the iphone 5s was on backorder I finally decided to get him the galaxy s4 and HE CANT STAY OFF OF IT!!! lol so if it can change the heart of a iphone fanatic it truly is a great phoneI have a Galaxy Note 2 and bought this phone for my wife's upgrade. It is super fast and makes me want one. The screen size is just right for a average size hand. Overall you can't go wrong with this phone. IT IS SUPER FAST.I like the Galaxy S4 it functions like a tablet for me without it having to be tablet size. However I dont like the default contact pictures. If you dont have a pic loaded of every contact you have to create a generic one just to get rid of this stranger looking back at you. I prefer an android like character because at least that one doesn't actually look like an unknown man smiling at you.I'm not sure, this phone was great and then after two days it was very hot and had to shut it off. Now the battery won't stay charged, the charger they sent does not even charge the phone. I emailed them after a week and they said I could return it but they had no other phones, and I need a phone. so I've been babying it any now I am trying to find a battery for the phone. Because it only stays on for two hours before it dies. And I can't afford to buy another phone. AhhhhhhGreat phone, replaced an iPhone4 and very happy with the phone and function. The size of screen is perfect and the defintion of screen is amazing. Would highly recommend this phone.Pointless product. I purchased this product and tried to activate the thing. On start up the Sprint booting info comes up, so I called Sprint to activate and they said that the serial numbers were not real.Can't say it worked well with sprint service. Mine came with a sim card that came from a faulty batch and had all kinds of issues. New sim card fixed it right up though.Great purchase. I love Samsung products. Would definitrly buy a phone from Amazon again !I love my phone, but am still waiting for the day when camera phones are equal quality in both camera and phone. Don't get me wrong it is good, but the pictures I have taken so far in lower light situations are 'okay.' I am a fan of android despite being a mac devotee for my computers. (I always wonder why every single iphone user I know has a cracked screen (but then again, I keep my S4 in a decent wallet case (see Bear Motion's lineup). Back to the camera ...sure the Nokia Lumia 1020 seems to have an impressive camera, but it is a windows phone....not my personal preference. In the meantime, The S4 is a great android phone with some interesting features, but I find the camera good, not great.For the price, I really think this is the best phone you can get. Sure its no iPhone or S7, but I haven't run into any apps that are incompatible with it (upgraded to the most current software) and the camera is actually pretty decent. I would honestly rather have 7 galaxy S4s than pay for a "new" "fancy" phone. I use blackboard for college, write papers, run emulators, run bigger games like pokemon GO, spotify premium, shop amazon,social media, run netflix, read ebooks, everything you can expect from a new smart phone that's currently on the market. I've had it for about a year now I think, and just had to buy a new battery for 12 bucks because the old one only holds a charge for a few hours at a time. Not complaining at all considering this is a refurb and I use it HEAVILY. I absolutely recommend this over the S4 Mini which is a complete pile of crap and almost as expensive.prettyAmazon helped me upgrade to the S4. I had the S2 before and that phone was old and worn out. The S4 works great. It raises my game. Pictures are perfect. Sound perfect. The S4 help me navigate the virtual; it gives me the creative edge over my counterparts. Amazon is the best place for anyone seeking their edge. Amazon has the deals,ALSO, the battery life on this phone is TERRIBLE it's draining at 1% each minute. can you please send me a new properly charged replacement battery for this phone at no extra charge? other than the battery, and lack of simcard, i'm satisfied with this phone, and would order from this vendor again if they honor this request THANKS!As many issues as I had with my iPhone, I wish I never would have switched. It gets one star because I bought it for one penny off of here :)Excellent phone. It arrived on time, packaged nicely, and is exactly what I had hoped for.It was a gift for my wife and she loves it AND THE PRICE... 1 cent!!! Who else can do that except AMAZON!!!It is pretty big and hard to talk on sometimes, but I love when I am looking something up and I can see so much better with this phone!Love this phone! I replaced my Epic with this one and am very happy with it. The added features are helpful, the larger screen is a plus when I am playing games or writing short text. Love it!Good product; it works as expected per sender's useful information. ThanksI love this phone ,design, technology, easy to use all around just impressed with all it can do Wouldn't trade it for an I phoneI upgraded this from the 2S and it is amazing the difference in speed. I highly recommend this to anyone!I can't believe I got this brand new for a penny fast deliveryThanks amazon for have such low rates for upgrades. with only paying a penny I am able to get other products for my phone with out breaking the bank. i will be back for more and its better than ebay. the phone is awesome it works great and has get battery life too. everything is great no complaintsit was time to upgrade from my HTC EVO after 4 years. There are a few + and - but overall good choice. Glad i did not wait for the S5 because the differences are not that much for my purposes.This phone works like a charm. It's like carrying a little computer in your purse!phone had a cracked screen when it arrived, definately not excellent condition as claimed. cracks getting worse. phone also has connectivity issues and freezes. very displeased.This phone doesn't work with A sprint network...it's made for YemenLove the S4... Will probably order a 6 after reviews are available!! :)good phoneloving my phone has a lot of features.. battery life could b betterThis was an upgrade for one of our phones. We were replacing a Samsung Galaxy SII; so the bells and whistles that come with this device is a major improvement.I love my new phone! I was pleased that although purchasing online it migrated all my apps with Sprint. I had the Galaxy S2 and the S4 is much better!Very disappointed!! Was NOT a Sprint phone, Yemen Mobile!!!Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She had it up and running in a couple of hours. She was extremely pleased with the features.The sprint consultant directed my family to this $0.01 deal...we snatched it up and now have 4 of these phones! Set up instructions were easy to follow and contact transfer was easy.Got this product almost free (.01) and since I'm a prime member I got the phone in 2days, it was ready to go all set up just had to turn on and connect to wifi and it did the rest....I got one from Amazon and the other from best buy (upgrade) and they took 2 hours (1hr of waiting and the other to set it up), given it was during black Friday days but given that experience I will from now on only go through amazon...Phone worked well. I love it!I've loved the galaxy phones since getting the S2. I'm waiting to get the S5.Great phone and I got it free with a two year contract through Sprint.Love this phone! Great camera! In very good condition!Don't be fooled by the "buy it for 1 cent with 2 year contract"...sprint will charge you 19.99 per month until the phone is paid for.New to SMART phone. I love the quality of TV programs picture. Some of the Samsung app features are not available, so really not sure why they were pre-loaded.Phone stopped workin after my 30 days was up.My phone got delivered exactly when it said it would...works perfect and I loved the price. Still working great haven't had any problems with the phone.I got this phone for my mom and she loves it.Great phone only problem is my charge port broke :( But now I just use a charge pad so I am still happy with the phoneGood condition phone and it works, but no SIM card like with new S4 phones.Great phone, however it keeps asking for a SIM card and it's a sprint phone, phone works great howeverMy teenager loves it.Is good I love itThe battery's life is short, but after that all of function is okay.got frozen after 1 yr!!! :(Shipping and delivery were super fast, I got it a day early!! Rally like the phone, it is very fast. Still trying to get a hang of all of the features, but so far so good!OkMy daughter loved the giftPhone was great Service suckedOrdered the SIM online from Sprint and easily connected in the store. Phone works perfectly.I love this phone, the battery life is significantly better than the GS2 was....Also its very quick. Still suffers from the same lag issue as the GS2 if too many apps are open and you will have to open task manager /clear the ram at times. not too many complaints on this one. too many cool features to mention!This smartphone have everything I need,and it made my life easier. Galaxy S4 performance is superb.Phone arrived quickly and was everything advertised phone is working great I do recommendNo SIM card! Caused a lot of headaches. But the phone is good working condition.My daughter loves the phone she got for her birthday...still finding new things out about it a month later. I would recommend this phone and Amazon to anyone I know!Received the phone very quickly, and had no visible damage as described, but did not come with the ICC number so I was unable to activate it through my carrier. Nice phone, but shipped it back.I made this purchase a little over a month ago and I am enjoying this product so far. At this point, my expectations have been met.Love the phone I can get 24 hours out of the battery:-). Fast very fast processor and its really good phone I was going I was going to the Nexus 5 but I chose this one I'm glad I did.This is a piece of crop phone. I've had it a month and it's already cracked ked three times. Don't waste your moneyDoes too much. LoL. needs a better contact linking/calendar syncing/syncing in general feature. You have to do each one individually, as with other phones it doesn't do it automatically, but it gives suggestions. You can only do one match at a time per service or app. My only con beside Needing better widgets like the HTC brands. Wait for the LG G2 in my opinion, I wish I did.I love it! I now see what I was missing with android! I have access to so many cool apps and the galaxy s4 camera takes awesome pics.Didn't last very long - 6 spotty months before 'system failure'.We love the S4 so much that we are sticking with them!User friendly, so many functions, it's like having your laptop with you wherever you go! Camera takes clear, high quality pics!Love the phone. Love the features. Love everything about it. Best Android I've had yet. I personally think the iPhone is overrated. I know quite a few people that have left iPhone world and became team android.Love my new phone, especially since I got a huge discount with my wireless service company.Great phone....even if it's outdated...love it...Item appearance was acceptable but item was not in working order.Phone was awesome! It didn't come with a SIM card but they are really flexible on the 30-day money back policy. Made it nice and easy! Will buy in the future!I like it but the battery just runs out pretty quick. Don't like that at all.Slim, light weight, and great pictures. Finally due for an upgrade. Glad this is the one I choose to purchase!! Great Buy!Best penny ever spent... EVER! Phone sh owed up in 2 days... ready to acivate... did I mention it was the best penny ever spent?it is the greatest phone i have ever seen, its better than iphone5. i wil definitely recommend this product.its worth.people should buy this cellphone.great clarity and light in weight.its good for girl.because its light in weight.This phone was better than I imagined. Still discovering useful features. It is a tv controller, personal assistant, and very practical.I love this phone! The color is better and brighter than my older phone. Battery lasts longer than expected. The processor is way faster than the older phone. Simply put, best phone on the market in my opinion.I love this phone. It does so many things. I haven't had it very long so I am still finding out all the cool things it does.I had the S2 before getting the S4. I loved the S2 and love the S4. I'm very happy with the upgraded features. Great phone! Also, it arrived in 2 days!Love the phone but hate that I can't send music via Bluetooth unless I send it from my files instead of my music libraryWas initially nervous about buying used phone, but daughter is very happy with phone.One of the best phones are the market right now, shipping came right on time and had no problem activating the phone, I love it.Good phone best price.Everybody loves this phone everyday we learn something else it can do.Our family has bought another one since this purchase.Device can not be unlocked. It was reported lost or stolen. Sadly cannot not keep it. It is of no use to me.I really love SGS4 I dont have to charge it but one time the phone is just great this is it not going no say anything bad no problems at all.I love the phone but the only complaint I have is the battery life it does super quick.I think it is my network but it is constantly roaming.which is kind of annoying.Great phone gave it to my girlfriend she loved it. No problem so far with it, although she loves it more than me!!Arrived as new, and as ordered.I love the phone. Its fast and it performs all the tasks I need without any issues. Would recommend it.This is my first smart phone, I am working hard to get used to it, so I have no frame of reference yet.Absolutely love Samsung devices, everything has it's but I would never not be a Samsung user.great productthis phone does not work and i wantt my money back right nowGood price for the phone.I love it!! Love the picture quality the big screen everything!! Its a must buy it!! The battery runs quick but that's not problem.Great phone and great priceSamsung is the BEST!!!!!!Easy to set up ..language easy to write using note2 pen a little confused but it's OK .. because honestly iPhone was so simpleIt is a great product and the price couldn't be beat. Way better price than u would get going to your carrierLove this phone. So many cool features. I was going back and forth between this and the iPhone, so glad I got the S4!I love it this phone my husband Has one as well we like where u touch the phone's and share info not to mention the phone was 1 centMore than enough phone that I will ever need!!I love my S4, i'm still learning about all the different things it can do. Thank you for having it available at an affordable priceGreat phone a little bigger then an iPhone but still getting use to it. I would recommend it but miss my iPhone.This was my very 1st smartphone and I'm very satisfied. But I'm still learning. I would recommend this to a friend.This phone is Way better than the iPhone, bigger screen!Better buit in apps! For example, the buit in navigation im very pleased!Samsung Galaxy S4 is great. Met all my expectations and ordering with Amazon...I get it the next day! Great service.Simple to use, takes beautiful photos, and works amazing on my Sprint network. Don't know why I waited so long.The s4 rocks. Love the large hd screen and the camera is great too!! Only gripe is that it's too slippery.Beautiful. Fast and quick shipping. Love this phone to death. I've missed Android.As up today, the Galaxy works perfectly, hope to continue as it is for more and more and more time!!this phone is worth buying. amazing features and amazing screen. way better than the phone i had before. Thanks for the great phoneThe pjone will not keep a charge.It was a great gift for my son replacement phone.Love the phone and all of the apps.Great phone!!!This is the smart phone I ve ever used. Very nice function, wide screen, nice picture quality, I like itThere's no better deal than getting a new phone at just a penny! Amazon is the best! Love it! Love it!Very nice phone must learn all the many great features I`m enjoying it very much.I love it and it was verrry inexpensive. Thank you.Works great, thanks :)Works fine.Its really greattt phone I really love it thnx . And I love the color . Theres alot of new features its greatt .Great job thank youbest phone - love this dealMy sons loves it!It's locked and blacklistedthis phone is pretty cool can't go wrongGreat phone would buy anotherGreat phone, can't wait for the Alpha to come out.So far very good phoneGreat phone! Fast shipping!Everything was great with this order. Thank youGreat phoneIts exactly what i wanted.Luv the quality of this phoneThis phone is greatlove love my phonesThe device was fine. Sprint has quickly become useless. The lack of data coverage is increasingly frustrating. I couldn't even send a text message during peak hours. Forget about streaming Pandora with sprint the connection is so weak. I was a 10+ year customer. Wal mart mobile honestly has a better connection. I returned the sprint phone and cancelled my service. I ordered a s5 from Verizon and it has exceeded my expectations.Galaxy S4 for free. A deal that can not pass. I was not able to activate the phone using Amazon instructions neither the Sprint Online service. I ended going to an store. Love my cellphoneLove my phoneIt worksI love itWe love it.Love itThis is the best phone I've ever owned. I've done the iphones & the windows phones but I love my droid! No phone out there compares to the camera on this phone crystal clear & HD. All the hand gestures are amazing & the galaxy talk is better than siri. Deff worth the money & ill probably never switch phones. .. love love love ... ive already talked 4 friends into switching as well & they love it too...Love it - has a learning curve to get used to the new features, but this is the best phone I've ever had.The phone shipped as required and reached me within the scheduled time. The phone works well and I have no problems. My contract with Sprint was up and I paid less by purchasing the phone on Amazon. Great Job! Will do it again when my contract is up again.Sorry to my old Evo, I loved it when it first came out and you were great. The new Galaxy has you beat by a mile. About 2 months in and it does everything I need it to do plus more.I love this phone so much. I honestly have not one single bad thing to say about this phone. I've been a faithful Samsung customer for 2 years now and I still love them. I had the Galaxy S2 and I have a Galaxy Tab so i expected nothing but the best anyway. This phone does so many things I'm just in love.Every thing but the phone is great but my very old LG would work at my work but this "upgrade" will not pick up anything unless its sprint I never miss a text from them ever.I am not thrilled !!! There is a problem with screen staying on . I have had it in to make sure settings were correct. Will not hold a charge, even when phone not in use. Should have kept iphone 5.I love my new phone! It is easy to use & it's everything I hoped it would be! I keep finding new things I can do on it!I was told by a Sprint dealer that the phone could be set up for Boost, but it couldn't be set up for anything, because there was some claim or charge against the serial number. I sent it back. No fun.I am loving this phone it's the best one I've purchased since I have been with Sprint. I have the S3 for 2 years this one is easier to learn and lots of apps.I was unable to active the phone because it had been reported lost or stolen.This is a very nice phoneThe Samsung Galaxy S4 is an amazing phone! I love the features and the screen is easy to navigate. Love it.I love this phone... I'm trying to learn all uses of the phone since it's a new phone for me...Awesome phone. Great features. Love the camera. Swiping makes things do much easier. Innovative ways to transfer media and filesEVERYONE SEEMS TO LOVE THEIR S4, BUT LIKE EVERYTHING IN TECH WORLD THERE IS ALWAYS A FEW BAD ONES AND I THINK I GOT IT... MY LAST PHONE GAVE ME GREAT 4G COVERAGE BUT THIS NEW PHONE I AM LUCKY TO GET GET ONE BAR OF 3G... AND IT HEATS UP SO BADLY AT THE EARPEICE ITS SCARY... AND USING IT AS A HOTSPOT IS EVEN WORSE.......... UUUGGGHHH BUYERS REMORSE...SO UNHAPPYI love this phone. I am usually always pleased with Samsung products. I am every excited for the Galaxy S5Didn't work.Great...it was a gift to someone and they luved it so much thank youIf you're into cutting edge gadgets you should consider drop whatever phone you may have and get this phone it truly delivers that and more.I wanted to purchase an unlocked S4 but due to lack of details in the product page, I ended up buying a phone without a plan, instead of unlocked. Amazon.com personel was very helpful and tryed to resolve my problem. They even gave me a partial refund for my trouble. Overall I'm a satisfied amazon.com customer and will purchase thorugh your website again.the fancy stuff is not working that good but its a solid phone and an upgrade from the previous oneI am coming from an HTC EVO 4g LTE and love this phone. I downloaded the latest firmware as of this review ending in MDL. Haven't experienced the lag that would make users choose the new HTC One over the Galaxy S4. Camera interface is a BIG UPGRADE from HTC's. Quality of pictures is great and for me, this phone did a great job in low light settings. Is it better than the HTC One in terms of low light pics? not sure, but definitely good enough for me! S voice could use a little work. I wish voice recognition wasn't server based (Siri too!). Taking screenshots with the phone by using hand gestures doesn't seem to work for me. The eye scrolling feature totally sucks. I turned it off. Opening 2 apps at the same time TOTALLY ROCKS! love this feature as it allows me to multitask. This phone is fast, great battery life, and has all the good stuff everyone else says about this phone. Just wanted to add my 2 cents in here. Openingit great , but how to activate the phone, and open the lock. because i will go back to China. thanks.UPDATE#1: The battery life seems great, better than on the S3 even though the screen is larger and has a higher resolution than the S3. When I had my S3, I used to lose about ~3-5% of battery every two hours or so but with the S4, I seem to lose about ~1-2% so that's awesome. The phone comes with a ton of bloatware and the only way to get a good battery is by removing all the bloatware. I was getting terrible battery life when I first got my phone but after reading online it seems that everyone suggests removing the bloatware for batter battery life. Like I said in my review, the snapdragon 600 uses very little battery when it is not being used so that's a big plus. I'm a heavy user and when I say heavy user, I mean heavy user. I do pretty much everything on my phone from taking a crapload of pictures/videos, watching YouTube videos, playing 3D games, phone calls and surfing the internet. At the end of the day the phone has about 30-35% of juice left. Also, one thing that I forgot to mention was the speakers on the phone. Samsung decided to move the speakers which used to be at the top near the camera on the S3 to the bottom of the phone which wasn't a good idea if you ask me. You can block the sound coming from the phone when holding the phone with your hand. ---------------------- It's been a week since I got my Galaxy S4 and this thing is super awesome. My previous phone was the S3 which I loved to death and this time I'm super excited to have the S4 in my hands. I had absolutely zero issues with the S3 but the S4 looks so sexy with the metal edges. I seriously don't understand why people buy an iPhone because let me tell you that the Galaxy S4 blows the iPhone 5 out of the water and every other phone out there. The Galaxy S4 wins hands down in every category compared to the iPhone 5. I was blown away by the performance of this phone. The Snapdragon 600 is blazing fast and uses far less battery than the S3. I can get through the day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. I'm a heavy user so this says a lot about the phone. Even my family who loves the iPhone is blown away by this phone. My family just loves the big screen and the customization that it has compared to the iPhone 5. There are many reasons why I decided to go with this phone over the other smartphones on the market but the main reason is the screen size, camera, storage, processor and the battery life. These are some of the things that the Galaxy S4 has over the iPhone 5 and other high end phones: Pros: -Screen: The Galaxy S4 has a nice 5 inches Super AMOLED HD screen that makes everything stand out when viewing it. The resolution on this phone is a nice 1080 x 1920 (441ppi pixel density) which makes everything look sharp. The Gorilla Glass 3 is also much better at preventing the screen from cracking and scratching. I tried to scratch the screen with my car keys and nothing happened to the screen, impressive. It has a significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 5 (640 x 1136). Also, the iPhone 5 is only 4 inches which is way too small for most people. -Android OS: This phone ships with the most up to date version of Android, Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) which is the fastest Android version yet. Samsung has added many new features to TouchWiz which is great. I'm not really a fan of TouchWiz but it seems that they have made many improvements to the UI. -Design: The design is sort of the same as the S3 which I have no problems with. The S3's design is sexy and very comfortable to hold in your hand and the same goes for the S4. If you loved the S3's design then you will love the S4's design even more, trust me. The phone feels a little bit lighter and thinner which is great. It has a nice feel to it that makes you want to hold the phone. -Camera: The primary camera on this phone is 13MP (4128 x 3096 pixels) and the front camera is 2MP that takes some of the best pictures I have ever seen. The front facing camera is great when you are Skyping or even taking pictures of yourself. -Battery: Samsung has decided to improve the battery capacity in S4 to 2600mAh that can easily last a full day with a single charge. I can get through a day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. The battery life is one of the most important aspects when deciding which phone to buy for me because I travel a lot and I need a phone that can last a full day. My previous phone which was the S3 needed at least 2-3 charges to last through a day. The Snapdragon 600 does an outstanding job at using as little battery as possible. -Storage: With the option of an external sdcard, this phone simply destroys the iPhone 5. I can store as many pictures and HD videos as I want and it will never come close to being full. I am the type of person who stores large collections of pictures, videos, and movies and this phone lets me do all of that easily. I also play 3D games that require a minimum of 1-2GB of space and this phone is perfect for that. -Processor: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 (Quad-core 1.9 GHz Krait 300) does an amazing job at keeping this phone lag free and blazing fast. I have never experienced a slow down with this phone. I have even tested this phone by playing intensive games such GTA Vice City on the highest settings and there were no slowdowns whatsoever. I am very impressed with the processor in this phone. -Removable Battery: Who doesn't love this, seriously? This and the option of an external sdcard make this the best phone of the year. I always carry extra batteries whenever I travel somewhere and I can easily swap my battery with another one when the phone is low on battery. This is a big plus for this phone. Sucks to be an iPhone user! Cons: -None. As much as I want to think of something bad to say, there's simply nothing negative about this phone. Overall, I can safely say that Samsung has another winner in their hands. It's a great phone and it doesn't disappoint. With the amazing 1080p resolution, screen size, battery capacity and storage, this phone puts other phones to shame. The Galaxy S4 will be the best phone of 2013, mark my words!This phone keep restarting. I am returning the phone to amazon. This is the first time I have any issue with a Samsung product.Do you remember that YouTube video showing what an iPod box would look like if it was made by Microsoft? The dozens of stickers and certifications and advertisements? That's what this phone feels like out of the box. It's overwhelmed with Samsung stuff, much of which serves only to drain the battery or change Android for no particular reason. The phone actually lagged and stuttered from the get-go. That's a hell of an achievement for a quad-core handset with 2GB of RAM. Since I came from a Galaxy S running Cyanogen, that just wouldn't do. SPEEDIFYING THE S4: While you can root it and attempt to clear away the Samsung cruft, it's still never going to be as smooth as it could be. Install Cyanogen 10.1 or later and be done with it. Google for guides on this; it's gotten very easy. After that, change the animation speed for the UI under Developer Options. To enable Developer Options, go to System Settings -> More -> About Device, scroll down, and tap on build number five or ten times. Then back up, go into Developer Options, and change the three 'X scales' near the bottom from 1X to 0.5X or Off. For the best battery life, disable NFC, S Beam, Bluetooth, and so on. All that stuff is lovely, but leaving it on when you don't need it does nasty things to your battery life. If you want idle time measured in days, disable location services in the Maps app. If you get 'Media Server' taking up your battery, install Rescan Media Root. That's it for performance. The phone is iPhone-responsive or better with CM. I also installed a couple of useful apps like Screen Filter (to dim the screen even more at night), Waze (which has traffic rerouting and police alerts and makes my Garmin feel a million years old), F-Droid (an alternative app store that'll let you install things like AdAway) and so on. BUILD: It's a pretty handset and shockingly thin. It almost disappears even in tight (for a guy) jeans. It's also incredibly slippery. I nearly dropped it twice setting it up. Unlike my Samsung Epic (which had the delightful feature of falling into pieces when dropped and not breaking), you can crack the screen easily, so buy a case. I vowed I wasn't going to bother since the Epic never needed one. I've done a 180. After trying a few, I've been very happy with Spigen's Ultra Fit in high-grip matte black. The phone is much easier to grip now with minimal changes in thickness. Review sites say the HTC One is a prettier fetish object. I agree it feels better in hand, but there's a caveat: it can't be dismantled. If you drop it or mess up the charging port, Sprint can't fix it onsite. They have to send it back to HTC. The HTC is also chunkier, for better or worse. The screen is near-perfect. It'd be totally perfect if not for the high power use displaying white and pleasing, though somewhat inaccurate color. You'll want to use dark or night themes whenever possible. Pixels are invisible. Blacks are pitch even in darkness. The size is just on the border of too large for one-handed use. I'm over six feet with commensurately-sized hands, and pressing the side Power button while bracing with a pinky is a slight stretch. A five-foot friend loves her Note II, though, so if you're willing to treat it two-handed like a tablet, any hand size will do. AS A PHONE: Samsung included a useful app (perish the thought!) called 'Adapt Sound'. It's under System Settings -> My Device -> Sound, at the bottom. It'll test your hearing and change the frequency response of the phone to suit it. The app significantly improved the intelligibility of conversations to me. Much, much better than the Galaxy S. I did have some trouble integrating Google Voice. Sprint has a Visual Voicemail app ('VTT') with a three month trial that kept coming back from the dead and showing me old voicemails. The solution was to press and hold the Voicemail app icon from Nova Launcher and drag it up to 'Manage App' on the top left. Then I pressed 'Disable' and agreed to all the prompts when it asked to uninstall itself. Now the voicemail button in the dialer calls Google Voice. Voicemails are also transcribed and sent to my inbox per usual. TEXT INPUT: This is my first handset without a hardware keyboard. It's been a surprisingly smooth transition to screen typing. Hardware keyboards work really well for idiosyncratic speech and punctuation. If you're sufficiently pedantic to chafe at the thought of accidentally using the wrong quote marks or comma placement, no software keyboard will be a true panacea. But some are better than others. The most clever of them all is SwiftKey. First, because it'll let you seamlessly switch from tapping letters to gesture-style word tracing. Second, because it has the best text prediction, because it scrapes your email, Facebook, text messages, and Twitter to compile a personalized library of what you actually say. That one word you made up that doesn't exist in any dictionary? If you've ever used it anywhere, SwiftKey will predict it. That extends to full sentence constructions. In practice, I use word-tracing in portrait mode and rely on SwiftKey to guess correctly. With just GMail and Facebook in the database, it does so about 90% of the time if my tracing is even vaguely on point. For more unique words, I switch to landscape and use that larger keyboard to accurately touch-type. As SwiftKey learns, I find myself doing this less often. In a car, I rely on Google's voice recognition, which is superb when it works (most of the time), but often requires saying the same thing twice to fix an error six words earlier. All of this is noticeably easier on the S4's 5" screen than it ever was on the Epic's 4" screen. My iPhone friends continue to amaze me with their speed and accuracy, but with my large thumbs, I couldn't duplicate that with a screen keyboard on any handset before this one. ACCESSORIES: The 2.1 amp wall charger charges at 1% per minute, so a little under two hours for a full charge. Beware off-brand and car chargers. I discovered the phone charges in one of two modes: USB computer mode and dumb charger mode. USB mode (where it assumes the output device is a computer) only gives 0.5A (to stay within the USB spec), so the phone will take all night to charge. But it'll pull 2 amps or more from a dumb charger if you're not using a super-skinny USB cable. The problem is, there are two ways to make a charger appear 'dumb', and they're incompatible. The Apple way (implemented by most chargers) won't fast-charge this phone. The other way (shorting the two middle USB data pins) will, but few chargers actually use this technique (thanks to Apple's popularity). The upshot is, unless you're buying branded accessories specifically for Android phones, you're probably going to have to do minor surgery on any of the cheaper chargers you buy. SHOULD YOU BUY THIS PHONE? Maybe. The S4 has some impressive hardware and a best-in-class screen, but the phone experience is dictated by Android. And Android is hit or miss. This phone, after tweaking and rooting but before I put CM on it, was occasionally faster than an iPhone. More often, it wasn't. The iPhone screen lights up faster when you press the power button. There's very little delay after you press an app, and very little more in showing content within the app. The UI animations are smooth. Samsung's version of Android is none of these things, and more noticeably, it's not consistent. Sometimes it's very fast, sometimes it lags, and you'll never have any idea why. And then there's the micromanagement. I'm happy that I discovered how to disable the background media scanner that was cutting 30 hours of my idle time, but I shouldn't have to do that. Windows Phone 8 is right up there with the iPhone in responsiveness. Better, even, and with a novel and impressive UI that integrates many social media functions independent of separate apps. The Windows app store is lackluster, though, and the OS itself is harder to hack if that's what you're about. You really have to be happy with how the phone works out of the box. The hardware also lags behind Android handsets, but you won't ever notice (except in some games) because the OS is so fluid. And it has terrific Exchange support for business users. For most people, unless there's a compelling need for a large screen or Android's greater abilities once rooted, the iPhone is simply better than even this S4. It doesn't require any of the tweaking I've outlined, nor the low-level task management that seems to crop up so often even with Android 4. Likewise, the Windows Phone ecosystem isn't sufficiently mature to recommend that one over the iPhone. But if you want Android and you're willing to unlock the full potential of it, the S4 is as good as it gets for this screen size.The phone would be awesome if all the preloaded bloatware didn't constantly eat battery life. But worse than that is the fact that I am constantly missing calls and texts because of Samsung's software interface. If I don't manually update the PRL or restart my phone almost daily, my phone will drop mobile service even though i have plenty of bars. This is a known issue by Samsung and they've done nothing to fix it. If you want something reliable you're better off using a tin can and string.I bought this phone to be used outside the USA, hence I picked the non plan version of it. I had read that it would work internationally but to my surprise when I got back to Honduras, the phone was locked and it wouldn't read my local sim card. I tried contacting amazon for a code but good luck with finding a place to ask a question. Then I contacted sprint and they simply kept telling me that the phone cannot be unlocked as it was suppodes to be used with sprint services (which is not true). Amazon knows that their site is visited by people all over the world and should make it very clear when something like this could be an issue. The phone itself is great, or at least what I've had a chance to test so far.I waited and waited for my contract to renew so I could get say goodbye to my Galaxy S2 and get the Galaxy S4. I would rather have not waited, but I'm really happy with the Galaxy S4. Voice calls are so much better than the S2. The features are outstanding, although I may never use all of them. I'm discovering something new all the time. The colors are brilliant. To think that 20 plus years ago the thought was that people wouldn't adapt to carrying hand-held tablets or devices. This is probably what was imagined. There are so many cool things about this phone, most are just fun to have. Big fan of Samsung.I purchased this phone and had to return it because it had a bad ESN number and couldn't be used! I wasn't happy at all. Shipping and returns were easy at leastAlways liked Samsung devices and this is no different. I wanted something that was comparable to the Note and this hasn't let me down.I purchased the black version of this phone and honestly I love this phone. I just regret redoing this with sprint. I should've went with T-Mobile. T-Mobile has a better deal, better service and treats their customers better. Sprint is trying to screw me over again. And people from the BBB have told me they receive complaints nation wide. I've currently filed a complaint against them. And their Executive Solutions Analyst, Tobias Tavera. He tried to lie to me and then lie to the BBB. And tried to further screw me over and didn't give a damn about the issues from them. They're trying to screw me out of the price that I've been paying because I served my country in active duty and went reserves. He and his fellow sprint people are screwing over other active members, reservists and veterans,I'll start off giving a bit of background on my smartphone usage. I've pretty much been a Droid user for my whole life. I'm definitely a power user and I greatly enjoyed having a keyboard. I could type long text messages or emails with ease, and I never really had that much interest in switching to a non-keyboard phone. Unfortunately, that decision was taken out of my hands somewhat. I have the Droid 4 which I greatly enjoy, but it has it's own problems. After having it for about a year it got a pretty nasty crack on it. I played around with some friends GS3's and was very impressed with them. However the rumors about the GS 4 coming out had already started so I decided to hold off. I'm glad that I did, but a lot of my review will be based off of not having the GS3 and making such a drastic switch. As I put in the title, it seems to be minor improvements upon a design they've found worked as opposed to the drastic changes previously seen. Without further ado... The Looks: There isn't much positive to be said about the aesthetics of the Galaxy S4 body to be honest. It looks and feels like a cheap toy. It feels... clammy might be the best way to describe it. It really isn't the best feel when you're holding it, and compared to the HTC One it's disappointing. It doesn't seem like it had that much effort put into changing it. It does feel sturdy though, despite being a very thin phone. I was able to get a good grip on it though which is important to me since I'm rather small. Overall I would give the looks a 2.5/5 The Hardware: Huge upgrade over.. well anything but a computer. This really is just a small computer, and it runs flawlessly. The screen is massive and great. Easily the best one that I've seen on a phone. The 5" screen could be a little bit big for some people I think, but for most of the younger generation will be ok with it though. The battery is incredible as well. My Droid 4 would die around 4 or so after a normal days use (streaming music, internet, tons of emails, etc). This will last me all day, including going out at night which is a massive incentive to me. The camera is great on it as well, much better than any other Android phone. It is still slightly edged out by the iPhone though. Overall though I would give it a 5/5 on hardware The Software: I'll start with the obvious, it's actually running the latest version of Jelly Bean, and should keep up better than other phones do (minus Nexus 4.) This is a huge bonus, because Android's because fault is that the OS is so fragmented. Now, Samsung has put a ton of their own software on top of Jelly Bean. The best description would be that it's overwhelming probably. There are a lot of Samsung apps that really will just never be used. So I'm not even going to bother going over the party trick type apps. Instead I'll talk about a few that really caught my attention. S Health: Helpful now, will be awesome in the future. The premise is that it's a basically a fitbit built into your phone. It helps you track calories, steps walked, workouts, etc. It works great now, but I don't think that it will get better with accessories. WatchON: Basically it acts as a universal TV remote and a Netflix browser. It's great, and I don't even watch very much TV. I suspect that this will become the standard soon, but until then this is the best version you can get. Air View/Gesture: A great idea, but not great in practice. It's glitchy currently and doesn't always work (or does work in ways that you don't want it to.) Camera Software: There's actually a lot of really great features that come with the camera. The most novel of them is the ability to take a picture from the front and back cameras at the same time. I can see this actually becoming standard in the future as well. Overall I think that the software is good, but not perfect. Overall I would still rather just have stock jelly bean. Samsung adds some good features, but it also adds a lot of stuff that I really don't need and can't get rid of. Final Impressions: It's a good phone, there's no doubt about that. It's not a great phone though. The screen is amazing, the body isn't. The software is good, the hardware is out of this world. It all comes down to personal preference between this and the HTC One I think. Personally I'm fine just putting a case on my GS 4, but I've always been more interested in battery and hardware. I can completely understand picking a slight downgrade on those areas though in return for a great body like the HTC One has. 4/5I am very angry at Samsung. It had the potential to be a create phone and it was, until the recent software upgrade got rid of the classic 3X4 keypad. For those of us who do not use QWERTY (which is many people I know) this is incredibly irritating as there was no warning this would occur. One of the most important things about a phone for a customer is being comfortable with the keyboard! And the main reason I bought the phone was because of the different keyboard options - its expensive, but I was willing to buy it because of this 3X4 feature as I frequently need to email and communicate from my phone. I am now stuck with a phone that wastes my time. Do not buy this phone if you don't use QWERTY. If Samsung provides a fix for this then it would be a good product.Perfect phone!I'm in Saudi Arabia, this device does not support SIM card And did not tell me when you purchased .. Did not take advantage of the device only a great lossWell i just wanna say that the price on Amazon too hight,you can buy this phone on Sprint for 599.I ordered this phone from a supplier here on Amazon called EMB-Phones thinking that this was a Sprint phone that only needed to be activated. What I got was a small electronic paperweight. I got the phone for my young son on his birthday as a way to have him get ahold of me and the versa. I was trying to have it activated on my account for him on his actual birthday so that he could unwrap it and use it. What really happened was that I have spent the last two weeks trying to figure out why the phone wasn't connecting to my service. I spent hours on the phone with advanced tech support for the carrier, lo and behold nothing could get it to connect. Even manual programming. So I called Amazon figuring that maybe I just got a bad phone and asked for a replacement, promptly Amazon requested another and gave me a refund so that I could repurchase the phone in hopes of getting a better one. Ha ha boy was I wrong, not only did I not get the same phone I got a different S4 !!! Electronic paperweight number two shows up at my door, I try and activate it now a week past my sons' birthday, what did I get nada zip zilch. But I'm kinda tech savvy so I start looking around on the net to see what the possibilities are for the problem. Bam it's a Yemen phone trying to get activated in the US and that's a no-go, so I start looking for solutions. Well after another week and a half of searching I found that you can "flash" stock firmware from the US onto the phone, you just have to have the information under the battery cover. It is possible, yesterday I fixed the phone and fully connected it to my network. DM me if you need help, I will try my best to help you.Needed to replace the battery right away, but thats not surprising on such an old phone. The phone works great! It was a little difficult to set up with our provider only because an error message popped up and their customer service wasnt thorogh enough to help us realize it wasnt anything wrong with the functionality, just a permanent error notification that itself is an error saying theres no sim card. It recognized the providers sim card fine. We just have really poor almost nonexistant customer service with our provider!If I could give zero stars I would. The company this phone came from did not make sure it worked before sending it to me! I actually purchased two phones from them, and both did not work! I returned them both for my money and went to another company. The first phone, the SIM card slot was broken and would not allow a card to be inserted. The second phone wasn't a legitamemt Sprint phone, it was a prepaid phone! That makes it unusable for the Sprint network. 0/10 would not recommend.Phone would be fine, if it worked. The phone has had constant problems from the moment I turned it on. Getting it activated should have been an easy thing but the hardware issues with this model made it a chore. It randomly drops sim card recognition and forces you to restart the phone to get it back. Oddly enough, even when it says "no sim card" I can still use the data connection but phone calls won't go through. All those issues aside, this phone is completely loaded with bloatware from Samsung and from Sprint. Really irritating to see that. There's not a lot you can do to about it unless you root your phone and install a custom Android ROM. Do not buy this phone.Smh, the battery life on this phone is terrible. Takes forever to charge and at 100% it only last 27 minutes! To top it off, the camera quality could be better because it sucks! And also the charger has to be wiggled in order to charge it several times.My Galaxy S2 finally broke on me so I needed a new phone. I have my upgrade available and was waiting for the S5 but Amazon had this for a penny (plus tax on retail) and a 2 year contract. I couldn't wait if this was at a penny. Phone is fast, screen is huge and colors are vibrant (I had to turn it down). Stock apps can be turned off! but not uninstalled. Sound is clear, speaker could be louder, all the fancy Smart Stay, Air View etc only works with the stock apps and browser. Doesn't work with Chrome, Netflix etc. Only 16gig internal memory, but for a penny I was able to buy a 64gig class 10 micro Sd card and a bunch of accessories for <$180. Only issue i have is with Sprint. Sprint has very limited LTE connectivity. Other than that this phone is great. I would recommend it.Purchased for my wife, she has taken the jump off the Apple platform and is very happy with her decision. She always felt like the Apple environment (apps, phone quality, iCloud, etc) was easier to use and more reliable; until she ran out of phone space, and until she wanted to use iTunes to add music to her phone. I am not an Apple basher by any means, however I will say that adding music to Samsung products (I have a Note 3) is quite simply a breeze. She really is happier with this phone, she's dropped it several times, allowed the kids to mess with it, and it still works flawlessly. Plus, if she needs more phone space, the microSD card slot makes adding memory effortless. Amazon has great prices on memory cards, I just bought one myself. 4 stars- Reason? 1. Not sure really, phone is very light, does feel a bit plasticky, prolly cuz it is. But, has been dropped with no issues... 2. I'd actually give it 4.5 stars if I could, my wife really has no complaints, she is pretty happyThe only quibble I have with this phone to this point is that it does more than I'll ever need or want it to. I suppose carrier bloatware is annoying too, but you can turn off features that you won't use and, as for the bloat, you can root the phone if you're technically savvy (or willing to watch a Youtube video from an instructing, brilliant 12 year old). I haven't gone that path nor am I necessarily endorsing. Otherwise, it's beautiful, fast, efficient. I haven't run it dead yet and I use it pretty heavily in a day. I added a 64 Gb sd card as well. I moved up from a Galaxy 2 so the improvement was pretty vast. Can't recommend enough.Well, where to start. Lets just say that someone at Samsung thought it would be geat if the ringer would start playing low for about 5 - 6 seconds then burst to the normal volume setting. Samsung thought it would be great to get rid of this setting control. Next, the phone is loaded with too many useless apps. They don't give you the option to delete them only to turn them off. And, while surfing the web, the settings are much less than desireable. If you set the settings for one site the next site might be too big or too small. It is never consistant. I was GREATLY DISAPPOINTED!I had a Galaxy S2 before this phone. I used to turn off data, WiFi, GPS, etc. on the S2 so I could get through the day without having the battery die. I got the phone a few days ago, and I left everything running (data, WiFi, GPS, etc.) when I went to work the next day. I talked for over an hour during the day as well as used it to check email and browse the Internet, catch up on Facebook and play Words with Friends during lunch. When I got home that evening, I still had over 50% of the battery left. I was surprised and pleased. I've enjoyed learning new things it can do. One example is the IR TV remote feature using the built-in Samsung WatchOn app. When I started the program, it asked for my Zip code, then provided a list of providers. Once I selected the appropriate one, the program showed me what was on the air. I touched the remote icon, and it asked me for the brand of TV. It sent a signal that turned the TV on. I had the option of trying a different signal or accepting the one that had just worked. When I accepted, I was able to do the process again with the Blu-Ray player. It also worked on the first attempt. After accepting the BR device, it asked if I wanted volume control when using the BR to control the TV or the BR device. The program has two screens for each device. The main/first screen has power, volume up and down, mute, channel up and down, source and a button to pop up a window where you can enter a channel number directly. The second screen has the extra remote button features. This has already been a handy feature since I don't have to worry about where the kids may have put the remote. I am very pleased with the phone and highly recommend it.I seriously don't understand how Sprint wanted 200 with contract renewal for this but I was able to get a better deal on Amazon with contract renewal. When I fist started looking at it , it was 49 here on amazon. When I was ready to buy it, it had dropped down to a penny. I figured it had to be an error, so I bought it immediately before Amazon caught on. Sure enough it was a deal of the a lifetime. This is truly the real deal, brand new flagship phone.Got this for my wife to replace her GS3 and it is quite the improvement. The improved resolution, the great sound, amazing camera, improved speed and the overall build really make this a great phone. I'm a Nexus 5 user so I can't say I like all of the bloat that Samsung and Sprint stuff this phone with, but it does make it easier for my wife to operate, and its pretty much what she has been using for the past 2 years so she really hasn't had a lot of questions. Looking forward to testing the GS5 when the kids upgrades come up.I've been debating the iphone and the s4 for a while now. So glad I went for the s4. The screen is huge but still fits comfortably in your hand. The features are amazing. It recognizes your eyes and won't power off the screen until you look away. It will even scroll the page for you when you're reading! I love the feature where you can wave your hand over it and see if you have any notifications! The screen is so crisp and beautiful, it also is smooth and quick. No lagging for this phone. I love this phone so much, I would definitely buy it again even at a higher price!Excellent smart phone for most everything a person need to do. Even though this is an older model it works great year after yearMy previous phone was the Galaxy S2, so upgrading to the S4 feels like a dream. I love all of the functions of the phone, but it's lacking major in one department. When you have the auxiliary cable pluged in, if you receive a call your bluetooth earpiece doesn't work. The call goes through the speakers of unit your auxiliary calbe is connected to. I listen to the Pandora on my phone in the car, but when a call comes through I can't answer on my bluetooth. I have to unplug the cable in order to talk through the bluetooth. MAJOR FAIL BY SAMSUNG!!! Other than that, the phone is great.I enjoy this phone but I am still learning it. The battery could be better but it is nothing to cry about. I constantly want to have my phone with me because it does so much for. The camera is excellent. I love the fact that I can check the status on the screen without touching it. A lot of people try to complain about how big the screen is but I never have problem reading and viewing anything. If you are trying to use your phone for a camera, camcorder, watching videos, and playing games then having a large screen is convenient. I will admit trying to put my phone into my pocket can be a struggle depending on what I am wearing but that is why I bought a case that I can clip onto my belt.This is very frustrating, I needed a phone, bought this one, which had no mention of it being an international version that needed a SIM CARD, so I went to Sprint store immediately and they charged for a SIM CARD and activation. Then the GPS on the phone was not working - could not locate you no matter where I tried it, so Navigation never worked; so Sprint offered to repair it for an additional $75 - I had no time to talk to amazon and make a decision as I needed a phone.Replaced my Samsung Galaxy S (Sprint Epic 4G) Love it. I don't have anything negative to say. Battery last long enough. Screen quality is amazing and very bright and clear. Paired it with OtterBox Commuter Series Case and MagicSky Premium HD (0.4mm) Tempered Glass Screen Protector which made an excellent combination. Everything about this phone is high quality, from the voice calls to the amazing pictures. Definitely good enough for those who cannot afford the Galaxy S5!!! You won't be disappointed.We replaced our S2 phones with the S4 phones. This "white" phone works as advertised with clear reception, pix and data exchange even with Sprint's lousy coverage. This phone was a penny, as the S5 just came out and couldn't see the reason to spend $100 bucks for not much of a noticible difference in phones. Would I recommend this? For a penny? Sure.Works great to replace the one that died.I had an iPhone 4S before upgrading to this phone. I found the Galaxy S4 locked up a lot, reset itself frequently and the battery drained quickly... And I only had it 3 weeks. I sold it and went back to my iPhone. After 3 years, it's still going strong. Save your money and wait until the Galaxy S5 is out.Had to return it. Said it was for SPRINT, but it was not.Bought this as an inexpensive replacement for a stolen phone. Arrived in great condition, exactly as described. So far it has been a great phone for my mother and had no issues with the quality or service.I received this item March 21, 2017, the screen went black on July 6, and I paid $40 to try to fix the problem. No luck. In total, I spent $174 for a phone that lasted a little over three months. This the absolute last time that I will buy a cell phone online.Great delivery. I received it in great condition as well. I've had the iphone, htc, and samsung. This was a great improvement from previous samsung phones. I'm looking forward to future products from them.... The only issue... Sprint's service in our area is terrible.My sisters loved this phone. Bought 2Moving from an Apple 4s, it's been easy to adopt to the Android OS. I made the change for a larger screen and to try something different. Moving and deleting Apps is annoying. Samsung and Sprint loaded the phone with lots of crapware. Google maps experience was better on the iPhone and Apple Maps was poor. No complaints so far, keeping GPS and all sensors off unless needed to conserve battery, which lasts much linger than a day for me with mixed use including video, talk and GPS/maps usage.Nice look, feel, and simple to learn how to use. I enjoy the screen size, maneuverability, and friendliness of options. The features are actually usable and not a gimmick. My wwife loves her iphone, but will be switching to a galaxy or note only after using my phone for a few days. Unless Samsung does something terribly wrong or makes a drastic change in their products, I am going to stick with them for a while!I love this phone. I had a galaxy S2 before buying this one. The icons are a little smaller on the S4 vs. S2 of which I was surprised at. The features are a big step up from the S2 also. The High Resolution is fantastic. The camera is very good also. I wish somehow the speaker was mounted on the front side but still works well for my needs.As an evolution of the S3 it's fantastic; it's lighter, faster, prettier, has a better screen and battery - it hits all the marks. It's just a great phone. Swap out TouchWiz for something better (Apex, Nova, GEL, anything) and this phone will not disappoint.Phone is from YEMEN will not work on Sprint Us Network..Save your money! BUYER BEWARE!! I even reached out to company EMB phones and they assured me ohone would work for Sprint in the US! Not Happening!!I had the galaxy3 loved it then it fell and cracked the case. The s4 actually has a better camera and seems faster. It is a little bigger by cm so I needed to get a strong cover. I am happy with my s4. I love this phone over any that I had.Phone repeats messages over 5x, home button locks up, I can't even go 1/2 a day without a charger-battery life horrible. Made of plastic. Good looking phone, beautiful pictures.I really enjoy this phone. At first I didn't like it because I didn't know how to use the phone, but now I am getting a hang of the phone and I really like it.I love my Galaxy S4!! It takes great pictures, and I am pleased with the speed. I only purchase Samsung phones. They just seem to get better and better.Galaxy s4 is very nice and for a penny you can't beat that price. I have the s5 and my husband the s4 and i think i like the s4 more than my s5 and i paid twice as much for the s5. I will be shopping amazon for my next cell phone purchase.I'm not a "bandwagon" type of girl. I usually run the other way when a product is popular. I love this phone! Great quality. The only drawback for me is the screen is a little big.Well, everything nice was already said about how awesome and totally rocking this phone is. I can only add that I can't believe how I survived without it and lived with blackberry all these years. I am in love!This is my second Galaxy s 4 ,and the price i paid was a cent .I was using a Samsung s 4 which I lost and I tried Motox after that for few days and realized its not gonna work out ..returned to the store and bought the s 4 from here ..its really a great phoneThis anti-glare screen came as stated. It went on pretty easy. There is no shine even in the sun and no finger prints. If you do get something on the screen it cleans up very well. I'm happy with it !Perfect easy to set up. Needs a sprint card you have to order from sprint so takes a few days to set up. But phone perfect.i will keep this short, the phone lags a little bit, the speaker on the back gets blocked when i watch videos (when i watch videos), but oher than that its one of the best phones out, if you are deciding between this and the htc one, remember expandable memory removable battery bigger screen more and useful features more likely to get faster update support more roms if you root more accessories better reception since its polycarbonate or plastic less over heating since its not metal im not bashing the htc one because i love that phone too but this phone has all the features that really matter to me,My daughter lost her previous phone, and I refused to pay on another one. This phone works perfectly for her!The phone is a good investment it is like having a laptop the size of your hand. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it freezes and I have to turn it off and on to stop the freezing. arrival was prompt.Paid 0.01 for 2 year commitment........including shipping, love Amazon Prime. Plus this is a great phone with great features without the large size of the Note 3love my phone just need to figure out how to work all of the settings and apps etc. since prior to this I had a "dumb" phone. But the phone itself is great. Lightweight and easy to use. Delivery from Amazon was efficient and seamless!Device arrived one time (that's the reason I'm giving two stars), but the sim car slot is broken. the sloth is unable to read any sim card and is defaulting to "no sim card available". I want my money back or another device. This is unacceptable. I'll add a photo evidence as soon I can.I have very little negative to say so far. I got this about 3 weeks ago, and although I had the Galaxy S2, I think even non galaxy owners would find it very intuitive to use. Great phone!Got this for a friend & its still going very well.....Great phone very fast sometimes has a problem connecting to public wi fis though which can be very frustrating as this will wear your battery down fast.My daughter is in love with this phone. She is constantly watching videos and listening to music on it. Great investment for a teenager.Its an S4. No complaints. I love Galaxy phones. They are simply the best. Ordered the phone and it was delivered the very next day! Nothing better than super fast shipping when your excited about a new device you've purchased!Great phone! Samsung makes fabulous products. It is basically my computer in my pocket. The camera is better than previous models.could not activate on Sprint,tried with multiple stores but no luck, waste of time, it is Yemen (other country ) network on it .Phone has to be rebooted all the time to reestablish data network. This is a big pain, my S2 did not have this problem. SPRINTLove it thus far. It has so many features, I've yet to fully explore them all, but so far so good. Looks great, feels great and very decent battery life.love it and glad to have it, the I-phone I had cannot compare to the samsung phone, it is wonderfulgreat phone works really great nothing wrong with it for price , the only thing i was not satisfied was does not come with SIM card and this model is not the sprint spark modelas of right now, this phone keeps restarting on me. hopefully its just a defect. if I can get it replaced easily and it doesn't happen with the new one then i'll update this. UPDATE: got the defective unit replaced, and the new one seems to be working swimmingly. REVIEW: So far I don't think I've utilized the galaxy s4 enough to give you guys an extensive review, but I'll be updating this review frequently as I go. I'm going to keep this very simplistic; feel free to ask questions in the comments and I'll try to answer them and update this review. Exterior/Appearance: this phone looks beautiful; although I was a bit disappointed when I first saw Samsung unveil this device thinking it looked mediocre, I've grown somewhat fond of the look of it. without any covers on it, she's beautiful. I'm not sure what the trim of the device is, but it gives the phone a very nice look. the only complaint is the back cover: it is a VERY flimsy plastic, as many of you may have heard. I bought the Samsung S-View Flip Cover for it and I noticed that the cover for that case was made of much stronger material (or at least thicker). Screen: not much to say here; very stunning screen and the perfect size. for an average consumer, this will more than suffice. Have only managed to take a couple pictures and watch some HD youtube videos, and so far you can color me impressed. Battery Life: I cannot make a fair judgment of this right now but I'll be sure to update you as soon as possible. so far it looks like the battery runs over 12 hours (this was with me updating and downloading apps on 4g so who knows really). I'll try using it from 100 to 0 sometime and leave the information here (with average use of course). With all that technical stuff over with, lets get down to the experience. Cons: - no ringtone trimmer? I don't know if I can't find it, but there doesn't seem to be a built in ringtone trimmer. I like to use my music from my microSD as ringtones, and obvious I don't want to start at the beginning of the song every time, but it seems I have to with the galaxy s4. Well that's not entirely true; you can pick "auto recommendation" which picks the "best part of the song" and starts it from there. Better than nothing I guess, but why not let the user pick where to start and finish? - volume button placement (okay, this isn't really an issue unless you have a Samsung Flip Cover): it just seems odd that Samsung would develop their own flip cover and not realize that the cover actually blocks access to the volume buttons (why not switch the sides since the lock screen is useless with the flip cover anyways? that doesn't make any sense!) - no native radio widget/app? I know this doesn't really affect a lot of people, but I really like having a radio on my old HTC Evo 4g. Instead of Pros, I decided to just talk about the features themselves; I figure those features ARE the Pros: - pull down, easy access status bar: most phones have a pull down status bar where you can see updates and all that jazz. Samsung took it to the next level by actually adding useful toggle widgets or "quick buttons" to it. these include buttons that toggle wifi, gps, sound, screen rotation, mutli-window, smart scroll, air gestures and more! its fantastic. you just pull it down with your finger and then you can scroll right to see more options. now whats even better? use two fingers to pull it down and get all the buttons in grid view. great way to unclutter your home screens. - multi-windows: if you have or had the Samsung Note II, then you'll be familiar with this feature. basically you can have two apps open at the same time side by side in adjustable windows. works in both landscape and portrait. - S voice: i'm not ecstatic about this feature, but it is useful. you can even make your own "wake up" phrase (I named mine veronica). it will text for you, call, take a note, make a calendar appointment, etc. it isn't as clear as i'd hoped though (as in sometimes it doesn't hear me correctly). also, you have to actually double click the home button to use it, in which case i could just do it myself (though not as quickly). either way, sort of useful at times. - Driving Mode: feature utilizes S voice so you can drive while still using your phone hands free. great way to play music, call, text, etc. - Group Play: this is a pretty neat feature if you know a couple of other people with galaxys. You can play music, games, share pictures, and share documents. You can even create a surround sound type entertainment by assigning which galaxy you want to play the left speaker and which one to play the right speaker. I don't think I know enough people to use this feature too much though but I like it. - Camera: this is one of the best features on this phone. very clear and concise photos. the camera app also has a lot of filters which actually preview how your shot will look before you select it (which means no need to keep clicking and unclicking to figure out which filter works). There are also other cool features like eraser mode, sound & shot, drama, animated photo, rich tone, night mode, etc. Lets not forget dual-shot mode either, which allows you to use both your rear view and front facing cameras simultaneously! They even have a variety of templates for that feature as well. My only complaint is image stabilization isn't as nice as I'd thought it would be (I tried out the Nokia Lumia 920---best camera out there in my opinion---amazing low light and image stabilization). There are so many features that i'm still finding out about them, but i'll keep updating as soon as I can.I love my new phone. I had an older model so there was really no learning curve, except there are some new features that I still need to learn. I love that the camera now has a panorama mode!The best phone I have ever had. Way better than the iPhone. Easy to understand and has everything I need and more!Great product, delivered in condition and by date promised! Thumbs up!!I love this phone! So far so good, no issues with it, and it looks great. I bought an otterbox defender (white/gray) and it looks very good with it. Cant go wrong with the gaklaxy!Love this phone! Does everything I expected it to and then some. Upgraded from the S2 and I'm happy with the S4I love the phone. It did not looked to be used. It was delivered as promised.The phone does everything it supposed to. Just run as fast as you can from Sprint.Great phone and I would had wanted a charger that worked and a battery that could hold a charge longer than two hours but yes I am happy with the phone itself.I like everything about it. I can play games,email,surf the internet all with one devise. I love It! I like I can send and receive pictures of my Grands. I would recommend the GS4 to all. Very Happy with it. Thanks Samsung!I HAD AN OLDER GALAXY AND I MUST SAY I HAD NO COMPLAINTS BUT AM GLAD I UPGRADED TO THE GALAXY 4 PHONE. IT IS AWESOMEMy mom wanted a new phone this year. She loves this phone. She has learned to use it quite well.THE PRODUCT IS AMAZING, IT WORKS AS DESIGNED. IT IS THE PERFECT PRODUCT FOR MY BUSY LIFE STYLE. IT IS AS WAS ADVERTIZED.Used but looked newI upgraded from the S2 to the S4. Friends and co-worker's were trying to encourage me to get the Note 3 but after seeing the Note 3 and comparing it with the S4 I decided on the S4. I'm someone that uses my phone for talking, texting and using my camera/video. I don't watch movies or listen to music on my phone so the S4 is perfect for me, although it does have the capability to do those things but I don't need the larger screen and I think the S4 is not as bulky as the Note 3 especially when you add the Otter Box case to the Note 3.Phone is good, wife likes it. But she says it is not worth $130 difference over S3 that we bought for daughter.It is an upgrade from the S3. She is very happy with this purchase. Fast sleek and easy to use.My Wife loves her new phone. She is very happy with itHas it two years and still working greatGreat condition, but unable to activate.So far so good a nice upgrade from our last phone, hold battery charge long time yeyyyy, and my service is soooo much better. Im a happy camper!!the sim card you sent me was not the right one and is saying it is activated on another deviceVery satisfied with the phone, but have to watch the apps downloaded, or they really drag down the phone and cause it to lock up.was kinda hoping had more memory like with the 2 has 16Gig internal as well as add on Mem.. But thats the only issue.. Love it. ThanksI like this unit, the only thing is the battery doesn't last long. I have to re-charge it every night to keep it going the whole day. But the features are great.I thought I wanted a S5 sport for the workout apps that come with it. The S4 has something just as good for workouts so I happy I have this one.was a great phone loved it but lost it someone stole it was sad to lose it well I'm sure someone else is enjoying it nowGood phoneA great phone!I love the size and I don't have to charge this phone everyday ! It holds a charge for about 1 1/2 days and that's even with several apps continually running . Very pleased with Galaxy S4 .Slim, light, nice screen, great battery life and power management options. They fixed the limitation on putting apps on the SD card recently as well, so now this is everything I wanted. All of your wildest dreams will come true!Best phone I ever have. Just buy it just go and buy it. The only down side is Sprint kind of suck...Great replacement phone!Good phoneI was going to order this phone off sprint but, it was WAY TOO MUCH MONEY. Got it through Amazon cheaper and couldnt be happier. Phone is amazing! Has so many gadgets and room to hold apps. It's like a little personal computer. Am in LOVE with this phone. Had an HTC EVO 4g & took a chance with this phone not knowing what it was all about and, couldnt be happier with my decision. Phone came SO FAST too.This is a nice phone. It works very well. It is well worth the money. I would tell any one who thinking about buying this phone BUY IT.Love this phoneThe galaxy line continues to be solid. Moved to the S4 for larger screen size and I have been happy with the decision.Great phone!!!I stood in the local sprint retail story two hours plus for this phone and didn't get any service. I stood in line and stood in line. Finally, I got fed up with waiting and left the store. A thought came to me that possibly Amazon may have it on there website. Sure enough there it was, I had it purchased in just a few minutes and awaited delivery. I'll never go into another sprint retail store again.Loving it to the max! I love the features it has to make life easier! It took a lot to please this iPhone fan! You get your money worth with this phonewonderful and amazing!!! cant go wrong with this phone... best thing out there. would definitley reccomend it... great price tooI got this phone for my mom and she needed something easy with a big screen. She loved it the first day she had it.I Love it I can not stop exploring it with all the apps it keeps me very busy very pleasedGood phone.This phone is amazing. The thimgs this phone can do boggle my mind. From being a universal remote( very easy to setup already app pre installed) to pausing videos when you look away. The camera on this phone absolutely blows away the iPhones camera away,along with the features the camera has which are amazing also. The screen is beautiful perfect picture and displays. the phone is not to big as some suggest it fits perfectly in the palm of my hand. Deff recomoned to anyone . Great price tooLove it. Upgraded from the S3. The camera is awesome. I love that it's thinner as well. Well worth the upgrade.Phone meets all my expectations, fast internet connections, no more droppped calls, perfect size, what else can I say about this phone.Happy with the purchase. Phone was in good working condition when I got it.its a good phone but there are glitchesLove it!the phone was greatphone without a scratch. came fast, just in time for me birthday. FlawlessThe phone works perfectly. After the update, it was better.Many product features that other brands lack!Love it!Love it! It is very handy and convenient.I switched from Apple and am not clear this was a good thing for me. I miss Itunes and Pandora. I am still trying to understand why the battery life is so low on this product. Hopefully I will become a loyal fan.This phone is great I am stilling learning the different features. But I am very happy and satisfied with the choice I made.I love this phone..Coming from a HTC EVO 3d this phone is awesome....I had an iphone and you cannot compare the two....Whew!! I'm totally addicted.This Galaxy s4 has to be the best phone on the market. We were amazed by it's dependability and great features! Recommend to anyone!I will return with a detailed rating after I learn to use the product more readily. So far soooo good!happy with the purchase the phone does as it should. wouldnt hesitate to purchase the phone again. thanks samsung your the bestSprint could/would not activate it. They said it appeared to be flashed for international use. Returned it.It's great except the fact you can't be on the Internet and while using the phone any lines :(Great phone meets my every needsProbably too much phone for me but I absolutely love it. Holds a charge longer than any other phone I have owned, it is super fast and really cool.Sweet deal...got this phone for a penny. I couldn't be more satisfied with the purchase. I would buy it again in if i had to.didn't workThe phone has a known issue that it randomly stops being able to charge. you plug it in and nothing happens. I've tried battery swaps and countless different chargers. Reading forums, it sounds like a known issue and Samsung has done nothing.Great phone! Works well! Great deal! The Samsung Galaxy's are great phones!Out of the past couple Android enabled phones I've had, this one is by far the best one. The Samsung Galaxy S4 has plenty of internal memory for all the apps I use and the RAM allows the phone to work seamlessly. If you're looking for a solid, stable Android phone this is definitely one to pick up.I am really mad this product because it didn't let me use internet in Europe. For this reason i give 2 stars .If they let me know how to make changes for APN settings i will change my reviewThe Samsung galaxy s4 is by far currently the best cell phone on the sprint network with only the I phone 5 and htc 1 even trying to give it competition. The quad core processor ,amazing screen and long battery life make this the best option for the android lovers out there. Pros: On android. 16gb memory but allows micro sd upgrade unlike iphone 5. Really long battery life quad core cpu with 2gbs of ram. (that's a better computer then most households have anymore) 13 megapixel camera that does amazing close up pictures and decent distant ones. (comparing this to my nikon d7000) Cons: Slightly larger phone so if you have small hands it may be uncomfortable or easy to drop. Just so you know: Jason bought the black Heather bought the white. We both agree the white looks better even in the cases. Other options: Htc one Iphone 5 For every bit of hype the iphone 5 has the galaxy s4 has the muscle to back it up. While samsung may not be the marketing firm that apple is they let there products talk for them self. And if you listen you can hear them clearly saying I am a better phone. A Jason and Heather Stanhouse review.Loving this phone! I have had this for several months now actually almost a year! It's very easy to use, graphics are great, as well as the audio! very durable phone. The phone is fast and has plenty of memory! I'm glad I got this phone.Hands down one of the best looking/performing phones out,it such a sleek and sexy design,the screen quality is incredibly clear superb quality,its much nicer then all the iPhones out right now,i definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a great looking a over performing phoneThe Samsung galaxy s4 is a great over phone and is came early before scheduled but it wasn't what i was expected the phone to turn out to be like.I went to Sprint and got a Galaxy s4 and was not very pleased with it. It really is a nice phone and the screen is huge, I like that you can change the font on your settings. What I didn't like was the sensitivity of the phone. The camera functions are too sensitive. The quality of the picture not good. I carefully studied this phone. Last night my friend who had a galaxy 3 showed me her phone and the quality of her camera was better than mine and she has had it for almost a year. The battery goes out within four hours. I think I had a defective phone. I went with the Iphone 5 and will wait for the upgrade. The carrier I was with did give me a full refund with the accessories included which I appreciate it. Reason why I didn't want to take a chance with Sprint was because of the two year contract. I ended up losing my package with ATT which was my old carrier but I am ok with who I am with now. So Iphone users think twice about switching. But you can give it a try and see it for yourself.Everything I wanted is included as a feature on this phone. And since its Android a lot of extra things I didn't know I can do to.great phoneIve had my Samsung Rugby Pro for a week now and have now become comfortable with it. It took a while to customize it to my tastes and to learn to use the Rugby Pro as this is my first Android phone. Every phone I have previously ever owned has been a Nokia. I purchased this phone for the smaller size that it offers as I only want a phone. My vehicle has a GPS and internet/email can wait until I get home to use my laptop. I also need a rugged phone as I do construction work and job-sites are hard on phones. Sadly, when reading the reviews on roughly a half-dozen rugged phones, none of them discuss how well the PHONE works. I mean, it really is a phone and if call quality is poor, it isnt of much use to me. The Samsung Rugby Pro appeared to be the best of the lot for the price and I feel that I chose well, calls are clear and not distorted. What isnt working well is battery life. Currently, I am only getting 24-hours to a charge and that creates a problem. The 7-year old Nokia was getting four days to a charge! I have all of the functions not needed for phone calls turned-off/disabled. BluTooth; wireless hot-spot; data share; etc. But the battery is still hanging by a thread each morning. I would send it back for a replacement but there is no guarantee that it would be better. Love the phone, disappointed in the battery life!Wow I was so very Pleased after the battery charged up! I Never wanted one (a smart phone) however I got one for someone and did my best to set it up! The phone is seems to be at first look and feel, resilient, durable, tough, and all that I had expected from Samsung Rugbys (and Ive had all the Rugbys I, II, III, IV all work over and above any phone out there. Ive had family people drop them in the Toilet and ran to me and said they were sorry (I said on problem and did the following then gave it Back to them! (The Rugby I, and III and only rinsed it off with a little water and alcohol, plus dried it then made a call), on the concrete, I had the III, fall off the roof (about 17 ft. and All I had to do was put the back on again! Wow! I hope this Rugby smart phone does as well! True Military Grade Specifications as if in a hard dirty campaign and in a skirmish, it truly works as I an old Marine would want! Hope Samsung comes out and makes more smart phones like the PROPhone was purchased for a parent. The overall size is good for their achy hands. It has dropped a number of time on the floor and so far it has continued to work. It can be a little slow with some apps, specifically ones that are using both Wi-Fi and GPS for location data (i.e. Family Locator). Volume could be a bit louder, but add a bluetooth headset and all is well.I love this phone. I previously had the Samsung rugby III flip phone which I really liked but wanted a phone with a bigger screen. Reception for talking is excellent and I love the feel and lightweight of this phone in your hand. The screen is nice and bright and easy to read and the best part is this phone is easy to learn and use. Battery life is excellent. I highly recommend this phone if you are looking for a reasonably priced phone with great features and easy to use.El equipo vino roto y no est en condiciones de venta ms seriedad al vender equipos, no lo recomiendoawesome !!! forget the rest and get the best if you want a phone that's going to be there for you, battery life very good feels like a real phone that can take anything you can throw at it, phone fired up with 50% battery out of box, operating system hasn't missed a beat, I know it doesn't come with a gazillion gigs (added memory card),I know the camera isn't 50 mega pixels(I have a great camera) besides the phone's works pretty well, the question of reliability totally out weights beauty and thinness in my book, so if being outdoors and I mean outdoors(lakes, beaches, mountains, backyards, thunderstorms, blizzards, hurricanes) is your thing and you want a phone that can hit the pavement getting in and out of your truck or car bingo.This phone seemed to work ok for my daughter the fort 2 or 3 days but then it began turning itself off, refusing to turn back on, and even once back on it was slow to respond. We tried troubleshooting it, updating all the software, and removing all installed apps but the issues persisted and it ended up being an ugly, expensive paper weight.Terrible phone. Couldn't hear my husband when he used it- it was all garbled sounding and his battery didn't last as long as his old samsung active s6.I bought this phone as a gift for my son because he liked mine so much. I have had my pro for over a year now and couldn't be happier. I am a dirt hauling truck driver and have tried other smart phones and none could hold up to the bouncing, drops and dust of the job. I found a case for it that makes this phone virtually indistructable so anyone looking for the toughest phone on the planet look no further than the rugby pro you will not be disappointed.This is just the right starter smart phone for my 11 y/o. He wanted the latest iphone, but I wouldn't and he couldn't pay for one. This one is reasonable if he loses it, rugged if he drops it, and has everything he needs to communicate in today's world.Bought this for my dad. He is hard of hearing. It was loud enough. He is an outdoorsman and it was sturdy enough. The problem was its functions would barely work. Even the phone company couldnt help us make it work properly. After a month or two of fighting with the phone we bought him a newer name brand phone that has worked great for him.This phone is OK. Not great. Not terrible. It gets slow on occasion and then you cannot do anything until it sorts itself out. The sealed case is great. I sweat a lot and no problems with that. I put it in my bike jersey pocket with no bag to keep it dry. Call quality is good. I did find recently that when I disabled the facebook app the whole thing runs much better. I wish there was not so much bloatware that cannot be uninstalled (I didn't want the facebook app in the first place) but that is cell phone life I guess.I ordered this phone for my Hubby who works in a plant. He needed something he cld stick in his pocket when he needed to and that wouldn't break easy if dropped or bumped up against things at work. Perfect for what he needed. Very sturdy little phone with all the features he had on his Mega and S5.Great phone, but I had to return it. The signal would cut in and out several times a day. The AT&T and Samsung bloatware was very annoying too.I purchased it and went overseas, cause I work with the military, without checking the phone. it had a cracked screen. it wouldn't work it wasn't water proof cause when I opened the battery area and the behind the screen was full of water damageThis is the most unuser-friendly phone. special cord ,unlatch, open port cover.and talk back won't shut up even after a factory data reset. If you don't mind everybody hearing what's on your screen then you'll love this blabber mouthI'm no phone expert. But this is a big jump from my flip-phone to this. I'm still in the learning curve but it seems to have all the bells and whistles it is supposed to have. It seems to work well and keep a fairly good battery life.The phone was great but only lasted about 3 months then completely died.I bought this phone for my son, who tends to lose or drop iPhones, and break them. This phone out of the box has the look and feel of being totally strong and well protected. We added a lightweight case to it, I just don't for see any problems with it. Although we haven't had android phones before it seems to do everything that he needs. I guess time will tell, but I'm going to give it a four star rating.I've gone swimming with this phone in the ocean for about 20 minutes when I forgot it was in the velcro pocket. Also went for a tumble down 3 sets of concrete stairs with no padding of any kind, very minor scratches on the screen, can only tell when its turned off. The case has never cracked, but dropping it countless times on the way to class (yes people still walk places) listening to music, only the case has been scratched, but not enough to order a replacement case quite yet. I'm also a power lifter, and this phone used to see a few 100 lb dumbbells every now and then. NOTHING EVER HAPPENED. Sadly that doesn't even ring true to the Nokia 6030, which is about as durable as a phone can get. If you're not a dainty guy carrying a galaxy s3/s4, this is a must have.I like the phone but, I just received the phone and it's defected! It keeps giving me a message that says... "Unfortunately, Google Search has stop working. OK"! Very frustrating. I hope they will replace it with a brand new working phone.Nobody can hear me because the mike is terrible. When I first try to make a call 80% of the time the first time it says no signal. It is nothing like my rugby flip.I will be getting a different phone very soon.I am very pleased with this phone. My first 'smart' phone. It is so easy to use. Battery life is outstanding. No complaints. Yes I would definitely recommend this phone.Only came with two of the three items listed on packing slip. Charger outlet will not hold charger plug.A refurbished phone for the price of a case of craft beer. And it will last longer! It is performing perfectly and I am happy with it.Phone constantly crashed on me. Took forever to load apps/browsers. Speaker quality not very good, battery life subpar. but I can say it was extremely consistent, in that it inevitably froze every time I used it.So far it' OK. @ present find it to be a much better phone than the CBSKY 5.5 which is definetly a piece of junk & not 4G. This phone screen is not the size I really wanted ( wanted a bigger size ) , however it seems to be a better phone, so far have no complains from the person it was gifted to.Del telfono me gusta que es de fcil manejo y resistente, de tamao ptimo, justo lo que buscaba. A veces siento que es menos rpido de lo que quisiera pero me siento bien con l.I like this phone. Had an issue with the speaker not working. Re-booted and it worked. Chock full a AT&T bloatware. Have not dropped or left in rain yet- no H2O proof experience. It's a solid, good phone so far. (Better than the Galaxy Rugby Pro I returned- defective mic- callers could not hear me & screw that holds back plate was loose). With rugged phones available at a low cost- It does not make sense to purchase a standard phone that will at some point fall out of my pocket in the hammock and sit all night in the rain.My daughter use this, get in pool, underwater and crash often... work... not destroyed... is a tough cellphone.Battery immediately begins drain when unplugged. Reception...non existent most of the time. Over abundance of preloaded apps that cant be removed. Total waste of money.Phone was bought unlocked to be used outside the US. Operates OK but cannot receive SMS text messages from my local provider probably because of an AT&T software that is still on the phone. Don't know how to correct this problem.The product worked great! Even though it has been discontinued, it really is a fine smart phone. I was especially impressed with the rugged toughness of the phone. I am using it as a backup phone. It's much smaller in size than my Samsung Note 3, so it's much easier to take with.Love this phone! Although it is a slightly older version, I would recommend it to most people who want to switch to android.have used this phone for years, no reason to get a new oneReceived in near perfect condition. The phone part worked great with the sim card out of my old flip Rugby but I had to get a new sim card and go to AT&T to be able to get data. This is my first smart phone so I am slowly adjusting.Defective junk. Nobody could hear my voice it was all garbled. The seller will not help .Amazon A-Z claims is just as bad.Dropped in the nwater. It survived.I now have bought one for each of my 18+ year old kids. They are thrilled to have all of the necessary smart phone features without the broken screens from dropping.Liking it thus far, still testing it. No issues until now. Handy and feels durable. Does not need a case either, just a screen protector.exactly what was advertisedPhone is just to old for todays apps and speed it would be a great phone if it was modernized for todays phoneOkay Android phone for avid users. Will not play games very well. The GPS doesn't always work 100% well. This phone only has 1GB memory and as such is quite slow at times. I recommend getting rid of the At&T bloatware and using a cache cleaner to keep the ram from getting eaten up by useless apps. I would recommend getting a phone with at least 2GB of memory 1GB is really old school nowadays. It can actually be frustratingly slow just because of the RAM. As fat as build quality it is great. I've dropped it countless times and it works. If you wan a seamless browsing experience or to play games don't buy this phone. If you want a phone that will continue to receive texts under 3 feet of mud buy this one.Great Tough phone. Not this year's latest model but hope it lasts as long as the Rugby Flip phone it replaced which has lasted me 7 years.The Samsung Galaxy Rugby that was sent to me was used and with no paper work to inform how to use it. The phone was rattling around in the box. It was advertised a new phone. That's what I paid for and expected to receive. Not happy.works as expected replacing an older rugbyArrived on time from seller. The battery goes down super fast. It has an echo back feed when use speaker.If I receive my messages, they usually come through in like 4 hours. Not acceptable.I lost my first Samsung Rugby Pro so I had to replace it. I call it my soccer mom phone. I never played Rugby. . . . .best phone ever, I know it's older and harder to find but still the best. so rugged, and good receptionGreat phone and fast service in getting it.So durable. My husband loves the fact that this will stand up to a rough day with him. Very rugged.Nice phone for good price.really slow even when I had no applications on itgood price but phone can stop when it overheats using the web. not amazons fault. shipping was fast.Good solid phone. Durable. Only negative is lack of built in memory and processor speed when multi tasking.Phone failed 90 days after 1st use. I bought another from a different seller and it is still going strong. Seems odd doesn't it ?Good unit in every way. Excellent valueThe phone was in poor condition. The cover for the power source would not close, which made it no longer water resistant. This phone was listed as good condition, it was NOT.Thanks for cooperation with the return.Well.. lasted for 8 months, the battery wore off, now it doesn't charge.. pretty good deal if you want a phone that would last that longExcellent CellphoneNice phone with no batteryIts slow, locks up and not what I expected. This is the reason I got rid of my old one. Very unhappy!!!it does not protect the screenperfectPhone is awesome and I saved about 70.00 by not having insurance and buying it from Amazon. Cheaper than if I had insurance with ATT.Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro 4G LTE SGH-i547 Unlocked Android Ruggedized Smart Phone (AT&T Version) Would love to give this a 5 stars, and up-until yesterday I would have. i have not had it a full year and the microphone just broke, so my phone, can no longer be used to transmit my voice, and I haven't even been very demanding on it. I don't even use it that often, only found out the mic wasn't working while trying to call emergency services after my car broke down. Could have been in serious trouble/danger. and now I find out I would have to drive to a different state to get it fixed, if its even possible. did I mention I am with out a means of conveyance? this is ridiculous, how can you claim its tough if it dies of "natural causes" in under a year.The screen is pretty small and hard to read for older eyes.I Love it very much.O.K.Love the phone slow at times but turning off keeping apps logged off seems to be doing the jobwent through two the first you couldn't do anything it kept telling you that touchwiz had stoped. the second wouldn't google with. a error message saying google stopped. couldn't load anything or search with a new phone Terrable workmanshipReally good phone, but is hard to multitask because the processor is not as fast as today's top of the line phonesHad to return it. The phone that I was sent would not connect to the AT&T network.After the second try this one seems to be working just fineGreat phone for the money. Shipped fast.I chose the rugby pro because I have had two prior, unfortunately this rugby runs very slow :(...bit disillusioned by this phone.Good buy for a quick fixPhone never worked right could barely hear on it .when someone called you they could not hear you eaither. Just not a good phone...tried to send back but they said I waited to long.Thank you I have a chance to play with my new phone and its the best phone that i have had everything is good thank you for the great deal DeanActually a nice phone for the costrugged , durable and clear calls , great phone for the price!The phone has little to no reception and you cannot hear the person using it talking.The Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro 1547 is user friendly. I like the smaller size of the phone as well. I just upgraded from a slide phone and I'm still learning about all the different options available. For the price and my needs the phone is perfect.Good phone for the money, apps and the OS run a bit slow however. I would recommend it to my friends and family for a durable phone that is just the right size.tough, but lagsIt seemed the back of it wouldn't connect so I sent back.sometimes blacks outThis phone is small enough tp carry in a pocket. I have killed 3 phones in less than a year due to rough treatment. So far this one is holding up. One phone went through the wash but I am not going to intentionally launder this one. A review I read said it survived the washing machine for him. Battery life has been disappointing but adequate.Microphone issues cause speakerphone mode to garble comms... Other than that, solid construction.We received the phone but the speaker is broken, I am returning it. Not sure if I can expect the same issue with a replacement.Phone works great!Not unlocked.The phone arrived on time, and in perfect working order, exactly as described. It's a well designed, solid product.Nice and ruggedThis phone was received in excellent condition. I bought it for my mother as she is tough on phones. She loves it. Her only drawback is she lives in an area with poor cell reception. When she isn't at her house she receives excellent service (AT&T). Not sure if the internal antenna isn't strong enough or what. My Samsung Galaxy S5 active works in that area (though not the greatest signal strength).bullet proof this phone does everything I need and takes beating.It's a great phone but doesn't have enough RAM to do very muchgreatI bought this phone for my husband a few months ago and when he calls me, it sounds like he's stuck in a barrel. It is impossible to understand him and given our time crunch, we weren't able to return it. As far as being "waterproof," that is a JOKE! The phone got sprayed from mist from a water hose and now the screen is completely black. We put it in rice and it still won't turn on. Absolute waste of money!Phone was falsely advertised as unlocked. When recieved it was locked.Very durable phone. It still works after surviving minor bumps & bruises over the past year or so. I wouldn't suggest exposure to extreme conditions though. It's tougher than the average phone but it is not indestructible. Also, over time the charging port cover seal falls apart from use. Therefore making the phone no longer waterproof. It's still a great phone if you love 4G & need a phone that doesn't look like a rugged phone. It may not be for you if you want a phone for harsh environments.As promised good tough phone good SellerI recieved he phone on time and as described. I am using it Palestine..It is Awesomelove it ,just what i wanted its rugged fits your hand like a glove and easy to use, nothing better would recommend to anyone .A durable smartphoneWorst phone I've ever been near since flip phones. Useless.The phone was received in almost New condition. I'm very pleased with the purchase.I got this to replace my NEC Terrain. This does have more memory so I haven's run out. The only issue I have had over my Terrain is the Terrain has a true keypad that works perfectly in the rain and wet situations. the touch screen keypad on the Galaxy Rugby can be a bit challenged when trying to type in the rain and wet conditions.I got this phone to replace my Rugby Smart that survived 4 years of rugged use and neglect until the charging port wore out. I loved that phone! The Rugby Pro is not that phone. It's faster than the previous Rugby incarnation, sure, but the charging port cover ripped apart before the first week was over, so it's no longer water-resistant. I wasn't even being my normally rugged and neglectful self. Also, callers cannot hear me when I hold the phone between my ~left~ shoulder and cheek, which posture I favor over other styles of passively holding the phone.Once we needed to use it the vibration feature didn't work. It was months after I ordered it before setting up activation.Has trouble with some basic appsGood buySo far the phone has been working great. It's my first 'smartphone' so it's taking time to adjust to the new bells and whistles. Seems very durable, yet I purchased an additional skin for extra protection. A little bulky, but I've been used to an older flip-phone for years. It's actually, most likely, one of the smaller smartphones out there, which is what I wanted.had to send back would not updateGreat PhoneI have hade the rugby flip phone for the past two yrs but this is my first smart phone. I realy do like it now that it is all set up.Slow activating and battery power goes fastdid not meet expectations. very unhappy with purchaseQuit day 2.very good phoneI love this phone, if I didn't go to a bigger phone. This would be the phone that I would use. I have a bigger galaxy note phone but this is the ideal phone for someone who uses a small phone which also can be used as a smart phone.Great phone easy to useLove the phone and it was im wonderful conditionPerfect for the man who destroys Levi's in a month, Justin work boots in 3 months, etc.love itGreat quality product and fast service.I don't think the camera pictures are clear enough.Bought this for my teenager in July 2015. It takes 15 minutes to receive a text message and he has never been able to make an out bound call. Being a AT&T phone I thought it would have worked on the AT&T plan that I have. it can receive calls just fine and looking through the setting comparing it to my note 4 they have the same capabilities programmed...Great phone! Works perfectly for our service techs!good phone for the price. I live on a boat, so being water resistance is a plus. so far it is easy to use. I got it in 2 days, very fast shipping. I use it as a phone, so I have not gone online with it yet.The phone was exactly what was advertised. I recommend the phone for anyone looking for a sturdy phone. I recommend the buy for anyone based on my one experience.100% satisfiedProduct was unlocked when received. Works well. Showed minor wear. Screen chips easily when keys hit it, but I just placed a glass screen protector over the screen and put it in a case. I look forward to using this unlocked phone on straight talk service.I bought 14 of these to give to tow truck drivers and roadside mechanics. They're tought and reliable. They still work after water, shock, broken screens, run over, etc. We are slowly switching to Kyocera DuraForce XD....but I may really miss these.can really fast and exactly what it was advertised to dohaveing problems with the phone running slow and locking upAs expected brand new.Horrible phone does not work. 1 star only cuz it won't let me put none.best phone and toughest over 2 years of abuse and still going strongExactly what was ordered and on time.Even tho its an older phone......it works EXCELLENT!Perfect for Shoretel clients.hard to get it startedLike the phone works wellGreatTuff phone to have when you work outside. ..its not work at allSIMPLY THE MAXIMUMGood phonePhone is everything I needed, and the service was greatGoodI understand that the phone is used and I hate that it needs a new battery (battery life span doesn't last but a few hours even if it is not in use). It will cost me more than the phone did to get a new battery. It has some issues to it also and very slow. Over all I would have returned when I started to figure the issues with the phone.Excellent phone. No problems so far. I love itGreat Shipping, Great Item!Item as described. Great price.Excellent!! Fast and on time!!No bueno. Completely failed all expectations. Phone received was filthy and not functioning properly. Too out of date to receive updates. Horrible. Waste of money.Its great!Weary goodPhone was a problem from start, I had one like it and just wanted to replace the old one it was looking bad, The new one is AT&T and they tried to make it work and decided it was a bad phone, by that time my return period was up so I am trying to live with it Bad reception and speaker mode can't understand party on other end.like it!Very good and dependable unit.still working but came with and is experiencing slight problems from a red fine sand like something that is coated throughout the entire phone. Screen has a weird orange red tinge to it. But phone works. Audio jack sucks on it.Great productGreatniceThis phone is a cutback version of the S4 yet is very rugged and comes built into a case with film protection. Thrilled by it.I LOVE Samsung Rugby phones and have been using them for three years. But this order had a bad battery and I have had consistent charging problems since ordering it in the summer.Broke after the first drop. Lasted a week.Though it is supposed to be a "rugged" phone it feels very cheap, especially the back cover. Dropping it once caused the whole thing to fall apart. Not sure if it was just the one I had, but the OS runs VERY VERY VERY slow. When I try to open up "Maps" for instance it takes almost a minute before it will recognize keystrokes. Your money is better spent elsewhere.My first smart phone and what a dud. Battery life is horrible. Takes forever to change screens. Randomly locks up and has to be power reset.bought for my dad so he has a newer phone that will survive his job and he loves it! very user friendly!Very glitchy and not worth buying.rugged just as asvertisedFor the price buy a different phone. The one sent to mne feels used and it was.suppose to be a new phone. It is slow. The battery life is real bad the phones that cost less then this the battery lasts way longer. Will find out if it lasts.ThanksThe speaker is terrible. When my husband makes a call, he is difficult to understand. It is like the speaker is blown. We would like a replacement.I sent it back. The microphone didn't work, and it didn't have a Samsung battery in it.Ruggedness and being IP67 were the main reaasons I have purchased this item. Well, the phone as a phone itself is really great - fast, good screen, etc. The Bluetoooth is not ideal, but for phone calls it was acceptable (didn't want to connect through the music channel), but this is not a big problem. The main and only frustration is that it is not waterproof. I poured the very small amount of the liquid on it just a couple of times and it stopped being able to charge. I removed the back cover and everything including the battery was wet. I removed the battery and let it dry, and it worked well after having dried for a few weeks. After that, it won't change at all and I feel I need to do something with its USB socket. I don't recommend it to anyone seeking a warerproof phone.Phone was defective. Would not let log on for data or internet. Phone tech could not activate it.The phone didn't work right. I just could have gotten a bad one but the microphone made me sound like I was talking in a bucketCouldn't use it with my Verizon account even though it's reported as unlocked.Battery has sorch marks on and I told by AT&T that I need to replace the battery as soon possibleIn my line of work I need a tough phone and this one seemed to fit the bill. It takes the larger sim cards from att&t and the back doesnt seem to want to stay on. But I bought an otter box case and its like a rock. Needa some quality improvements but its a nice phoneThe phone goes in and out and lose signal easy its terrible.Great product fast shippingHow can I give 0 stars? This thing is a piece of junk, I totally hate it. The worst part? I couldn't have the phone seen as a removable disk when connecting it to a computer via the USB cable, although the user manual states that it's perfectly possible. I installed latest USB drivers and tried everything (even different computers and OS), but nothing worked. Samsung has sort of a web interface (Kies Air) but its Java certificate has been revoked, so it can't transfer files in batch, only one after another! How I'm supposed to transfer hundreds of pictures and videos? So I'm stuck with media files in the phone. There is no way to transfer them in batch other than by e-mail or Bluetooth, which is way too slow an inefficient. I cannot return the thing because the grace period expired, so here I am, stuck with this piece of crap. I'll gladly destroy it (just to see it burning) and buy a real phone instead. So much money wasted! Do - NOT - buy!Pretty nice durable and over all a good buyThe Phone didn't work. ...would not turn on. ..terrible experienceThis is a phone that cant make or receive phone calls. My freinds will call me multiple times in a row and on there side my phone will ring when in reality it does nothing at all. all the while my phone says it has service. In fact in has three bars of service. When i actually do get through to someone they cant understand me because of the horrible quality of the reception. now i cant even return this piece. if you want this phone for the durability, yeah that's fine it can take a drop without shattering. but it still cant make phone calls. Some of you might ask why haven't i returned it? well it really wasent a problem until a month after a bought this phone. Now its more of a glorified paperweight then anythingI would recommend this to anyone, these are very durable and hold up really well. The only reason I had to get a new one is my inlaws dog ate my old one.By far the worst cell phone I've ever purchased. Sent it back within 2 weeks. Maybe I bought a lemon, I don't know. Its to bad because this phone was exactly the size and feel I was looking for. I'll never switch from an iPhone again in my life. " BUYER BE WARE " Total piece of trash.is a excellent phone, i love it, all that has a phone of high gama is inside of my phoneThe phone i like. I don't know if it was new like the ad said. Because it turns off own it's own, it freezes up, it was not unlocked like the ad said.all so I was told it couldn't be unlocked so i found a sight that for about 34.00 dollars got me the unlocking code. I guess I'm more diapointed with the seller than the phone.Not set up when arrived. I bought the ATT version, but it took an ATT rep over an hour to just get the thing to contact the internet or e-mail. Documentation is totally out of date, and completely useless. I will NEVER buy another Samsung ANYTHING, after dealing with this poj and two defective computer monitors in a row.Just have some issues with this phone static when talking to someone cant here very well?TOO MUCH USELESS TRASH ON THE PHONE FOR MY NEEDS MY 9300 NOKIA IS A MUCH BETTER FOR BUSINESS USE NOW THAT I HAVE IT I MUST LEARN MORE USELESS TRICKS THAN A CAT GOT FLEAS AS FOR MAKING IT WORK I WILL FINE SOME KID TO SET UP MY INTERNET AS I WOULDNT USE GOOGLE FOR ANYTHING SAGE TO MUCH PROOF THAT IT ISN"TY SAFE, HAD I KNOW THIS FROM THE GETGO I WOULD HAVE PASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! will get rid of amosonThe phone did not work!Okay, here's the deal. I have had one of these phones for 5 years now. Before I bought it I read a review that said you could skip it across a swimming pool and it'll still work, and after 5 years using this thing I believe it. I haven't babied it. I'm the guy that everybody in the (extended) family calls when something breaks, and this is the phone that's in my pocket when I get under a car or skinny into the crawlspace or climb up on a roof. I've gotten it wet, I've dropped it, I've stepped on it, I've gotten slammed while it's in my pocket, and it keeps on working. A "normal" smartphone wouldn't last a week with this kind of treatment. And this phone runs loads of apps that I find invaluable. 5 years on and I only get about 36 hours on a charge, it would go a week when it was new. This is the best phone I've ever had. By far. But I can't update the OS. Android Ice Cream Sandwich is out of date, and I'm running into apps that won't run on it. Including the most recent update of Google +, which is a system app that can't be disabled or deleted. So now, every couple of days I have to uninstall the updates just so I can use the phone, and every couple of days it updates itself and breaks the phone again--and of course I can't use G+ on the phone anymore. I also have concerns about the security of this system, with this old OS. Don't buy this phone. If there was a version of this phone running Android Oreo, or even Nougat, I'd buy it without hesitation. If I could update the OS this would get a 5-star review.I had the samsung rugby as a flip phone, and I couldn't get enough. This phone looks beastly. It feels tough! Pros: -It is sealed for water, dirt, dust protection. the battery "screws" in, and there's a seal that really keeps everything safe. -the camera is of nice quality. -the gps is boss. most of the time. Cons: This phone was built as cheaply as possible. The camera is fine in the middle of the day, but if you'd like evening pictures, better have another one on hand. I cannot keep calls for more than a few minutes before it disconnects. speech to text doesn't work. Swype is incredibly iffy. I cannot connect to wifi in my home. apps, such as a GPS, can take several minutes to load. if you make a wrong turn, it takes several minutes to recalculate. Facebook shuts down. regularly. If I'm trying to read an article linked via facebook, the whole phone has to shut down and restart. When I first got this phone, I was talking to my sister, and it decided to run an update. it turned the phone on and off, and lasted all day. It ran another update yesterday, and it has been stuck at 27% loaded. i've had this phone for about 2 months now, and I cannot take it anymore. I've got to get something that works.I bought this off of Ebay rather than Amazon because the model i wanted was much cheaper new ($89), and i was expecting something to be wrong with it aesthetically because i bought a model that was not considered quite up to snuff but still 100% functional. I still haven't found anything wrong with it. This is my first smart phone, and i chose this model because i am an avid outdoors person who is about to move to Alaska and not have reliable internet, otherwise my trusty(very battered) non smart phone LG with keyboard would have been going with me instead of this rugby pro with 4g. I needed something tough enough to live with my dropping phones on the ground, in fish tanks, in pet water dishes, in the plant pots, etc and to allow me to check my email and do other internet-y things should i not be able to find/use wifi with a computer(which i much prefer to do). When i got the phone, it did what smartphones do that made me not want one to begin with: it started the app-pacalypse... i do not want, need, or use that many apps; it stresses me out when they take over my devices. But i figured out how to remove and disable them and turn off auto download, so now i'm no longer afraid of the phone. If i want to use an app i will upgrade it myself. I turned off auto sync and i keep the 3/4 G and gps off when i'm not using them, and now the battery lasts a few days with light use before needing a recharge. This is still a far cry from my old phone that i could get incessant text messages with and only need to charge it once a week. So far I've dropped it 4 times in the 3 days i had it and a ferret made off with it: no damage. I needed a strong phone with a decent battery life that is capable of computer-y things when necessary and this phone does cover all those categories. The only reason i didn't give a better review is because battery life is hugely important to me and because i hate the hoops i had to jump through to have a PHONE with internet options, not a small phone-capable tablet with no battery life and too many apps.I greatly enjoy this phone I have had two and my dad has one! I have thrown ,dropped, submerged, and run over both of mine. The only thing I have found that this phone cant handle is being ran over. Its main vulnerability is it screen which is glass but it is still tough none the less. Other than running over the thing its about as rugged as they come in the smart phone world. I work as a park ranger so it has really taken some abuse without a problem. My last one I had for a year and a half and never having any problem other than I had to order a new battery after 15 months of abuse because it would no longer charge completely. I will definitely be buying another one as soon as possible it meets my every expectation in ruggedness, and surpassed my expectations in functionality it takes better pictures than my girlfriends Galaxys4 and all of my friends Iphones. The two I have had are both now in smart phone heaven losing both to being run over by a car. Only improvement that I could find needed is replacing the glass screens with something more durable.It's reliable & has overcome many drops and water filled moments.It's waterproof in up to 3ft of water only. If dropped from higher than 6ft or is run over by car screen can crack. Speaker system is very loud, great sound quality. Works with square, plays games, & memory can be upgraded to 32 GB. Glide app also works. Buy protective shell & treat phone as if it were not a rugby to insure a longer phone life. Mine hasn't let me down. I've had it over a year. Phone cases have to be ordered online. Cases for this phone are rare due to its durability factor. I incourage anyone with kids or that has a high impact job like construction to use/ buy this phone.I would not even consider buying a phone of any brand without the knowledge of it being extra tough. I previously have baptized three phones, dropped, accidentally kicked, and in all ways imaginable, simply abused my phones. I am an active person. After researching the Rugby Pro extensively, I have been rather pleased with it. Recently in the process of helping my son tow his car, as I was unhooking the tow strap, the phone fell out of my pocket. As the car rolled over my phone I looked down in disbelief and realized what had just happened. I write this review to happily tell you that my Rugby Pro, even though the case looks a little rough on the back, works just fine! Without a doubt, I would highly recommend this phone!Purchased this phone from AT&T just under two years ago. The Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro is the worst phone I have ever owned. Immediately had problems with wifi. Every time I attempt to connect to a wifi enabled network, I have to reenter the password for the network, even on my home network. After about two months, the pieces that conceal the audio jack and charge port had both broken off, with minimal rugged use. Furthermore, the audio jack is damaged to the point that audio will only play in half of a headset, and in the entire head set when the plug in is in specific positions, making audio more annoying than enjoyable when doing anything active. The processor seems to have steadily deteriorated over time, it takes approximately 12-30 seconds to open any application, much of the time the chosen application will just crash instead of opening at all. When my contract ends with AT&T, I am going to find a hammer, and put a nine inch nail through my Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro...I fell that this is the only way I will truly feel content with my purchaseThe quality of the sound when making or receiving a call is very poor. Wish the sound was better. It is very bad and inconsistent. Also doesn't have a good of reception as old flip phone. Now that is bad. The old phone had great reception. What is wrong with this picture. We thought we were upgrading.Great phone. Only thing is don't drop in in a cooler over night. LOL Buying our 2nd one today!Very disappointed. screen cracked while in my husband's pocket, did not need to be dropped or run over. When the back cover was removed, it was full of dust and dirt. so much for dustproof! Good phone otherwise but is not tough as advertised.Best Product Impossible Full Fast shipping and high quality product recommend and I Just Have More To Buy new Its Great !!!Garbage processing speed, can never think about doing 2 things at once. Horrible battery life unless you don't turn the screen on. Decent screen, good durability.After 4 years of heavy use, the active battery life is only 20 hours. Other than that, everything on it is working perfectly.i got this for my son who operates a log skidder and it has been wonderful and almost undesructable.The Samsung Galaxy Rugby pro has a lot of functionality as a mobile device and camera. In case Samsung reads this I must remind them it is a Cell Phone. The phone quality sucks. I bought this phone because Cnet gave it very high ratings and said that the phone quality was above average. When I call my wife, she tells me I sound like I am under water and she can't hear me and will hang up if I call her from this phone. If you need a nice battery gulping App player or a very nice camera you will like this phone. It takes good pictures and videos. I have to charge it every day regardless if I make calls. I wish I could go back to my Sony Ericsson W300i but those kinds of phones are gone. Maybe someone can recommend a phone that really does have fantastic call quality so two people can communicate with each other. I must recommend you buy a different phone.Two days of having my phone I was sitting on a five gallon bucket had my phone on my knee.it falls causing one little crack in the screen BUT the screen goes .black.disappointed.looking for a replacement screen if any one has info on where to find one please email me boogap152@gmail.com thank youMy grandson loves it.Everything was fine with the order. Love the new phone. Speedy delivery, too. Thank you,Simply put, it's s***. Get an HTC and don't drop it in the pool and end up with this croc of s*** for a year,.wwaiting for an upgrade.Perfect for construction jobs, first one kept working after being run over by an F350, twice with a skidder and falling in Mobile bay more times than I can count. Finally got water in it during a tropical storm due to a bad rear seal after 2+ years of EXTREME use. Tried other "military grade" phones, and they all failed miserably.I love this phone. Had to purchase something to replace old phone. This phone is fast, small enough to make it easy to deal with and large enough to enjoy the screen. Looked at A LOT of other phones and I am glad I didn't spend $$$ to get an iphone.I like the fact that this phone has a 4 inch screen making it just the right size phone with decent specs. I just wish the phone's camera was more than 5 MP.It is/was unlocked and all but it carries a ton of AT&T crap you can't get rid of. Having said that....I paid about 1/3 of what a clear unlocked one might have cost, so I have to balance that all out.I can hear the person who I'm talking to just fine, but to them it sounds like I'm underwater. It's been like this since I got the phone. Every time I think I've fixed it, it just goes back to the call audio sounding really bad.I recieved this phone on Thursday and by Sunday I have already pushed it to the max. From being dropped to forgetting it in my pocket before rushing into a house fire, this phone has seen it all. This is by far the best phone I have had yet. I would recommend it to anyone that asks. The shipping was very fast and easy to set up.My favorite smart phone. A little slow, and the microphones are crap, but works great for use in austere and rough environments. Never came cles to cracking the screen, and I have dropped it in water several times without any real issues.I got the phone on April 27, but didn't go to the AT&T store until today (May 7) to get it set up. They had no problems, and so far it seems to be good. It feels very sturdy. It was supposed to be grey color, but looks black to me. The sound quality is good and the screen is easy to see and touch seems to work good. I will try to update review as I get used to it.I purchased this for a Foreman at work. He has not broken it yet or complained about it so far. So I am happy with it! I had to get a sim card adapter since the sim slot in the phone was larger than the actual sim card. No big deal though, only cost a couple dollars, worth it.Uses old style jumbo SIM card. Can not get it to work with Cricket Wireless even though Cricket uses AT&T networks. I now have a hundred dollar paperweight.great phone easy too set up/ A plus/will fit in a shirt pocket/great viewing screenSo far I love this phone. Had it about a year. Great quality does everything I need and more. Only thing I don't love it I wish I could delete some of the apps that came on the phone that I will never use. Love the rubberized case.Nice phone for the money. Just like a Samsung Galaxy S2 (Not 8mp camera, just 5mp and 4gb storage drive with firmware) but having a plus that is water and dust resistant. Having in my jeans pocket all day (easy to take out of the pocket).Good phone this one is meant for my girlfriend and she's been wanting a sturdy phone but I wanted to get her a smartphone for the hell of it so why not and its great for the first timers just don't expect this thing to be secreting performance with 1 gig of ram.Great phone, bought it to replace my galaxy note that got coffee on it. Phone is as rugged as advertised!!! Love it!Has some sort of glitch. Freezes up, some sort of pop-up message about Google. I have to do a master reset. Annoying. Otherwise I really like the phone. Very durable. Easy to use for a newbie to smart phones.Not the best quality! The sound is so low. The battery doesn't last 1 day even, and we don't have much on the phone.Got this for my youngest, we're between upgrades with AT&T and need a quick fix because our last cheapo phones are now falling apart... The Good: Upgradeable memory via SD Card. Easy seamless swap of SIM with our AT&T Contract line. Price was reasonable, under the circumstances. Supposedly mil-spec rugged phone...kinda wanted that because my boy is 12. It would be really cool if this could make it through the cold cycle on our washing machine, but I'm not gonna hold my breath! The Bad: Mine arrived with a spot the size of a pencil eraser on the glass that was heavily scratched as though someone had deliberately removed a mark the size of a logo...yet there were also logos on it, so I have no idea what the reason for that was. Perhaps a prior user had engraved his initials into the glass and they were obliterated by the seller? I don't know. It was in the far upper right corner though, not obscuring anything in the main screen area. It was difficult to properly close the back after I swapped the SD Card and SIM. I'd think I had it, but one little plastic tab along the edge would be open, I'd push that into place and another would pop out. The screw lock thing that is supposed to lock it down turns very easily and feels like it could accidentally move to the open position just from jostling in normal use. Aside from the fact that if one of the port covers should ever break, the waterproof dustproof etc. feature will be shot, I question whether the back of the thing in its closed position (as best as I could get it) will fulfill that promise either. I'm not a beginner when it comes to gadgets, I've never had a phone's back panel be quite this irritating to attempt to properly close. The screen does not look as nice (resolution) as the other phone I bought for my other child, which was an HTC in a similar price range. However, this phone has 5 homescreens for apps and such, whereas the HTC has only 3. All this being said...I put a case on it to make it just a bit tougher, what with my concerns about the back and all. The case happens to also obscure the scratch spot on the glass more or less. But with a case, this phone becomes a big, clunky heavy brick-feeling monstrosity of an object. So the bad news is my son can't carry it in his pants pocket like he wants to, but the good news is...that my son can't carry it in his pants pocket and forget and leave it there when those pants go into the wash, so my wondering about whether it would survive what killed one of his former phones...is probably a non-issue. TL;DR version: My mind is NOT blown. There are better phones out there. But it'll do.Works fine. No big surprises here.The Rugby Pro was much less expensive through amazon than through the phone company. Although it was unlocked, it needed a card from the provider for use as a smart phone. So far, it's a winner.Great phone, I use as a back up phone, the keyboard is just too small for a 66 year old that uses a Megs 6.3 screenGreat product. My second Rugby and back-up phone. Works as advertised and priced right... as good as it gets.This phone went through the washing machine and the dryer with the back off and it works perfectly still. Best phone for a child, ever.Not unlocked. Got all the way to Peru only to find this unit wouldn't work on Claro or Movistar. Return set up. Please stop marketing phones as unlocked when they aren't.The sellers' description and customer service were outstanding. The phone itself was unlocked - so was able to use it on T-Mobile with no issue using their 4g network.. It feels very comfortable from a size perspective - the built in protective cover feels very secure - but since my young son is carrying it - we went ahead and added an extra level of protection with an otter box - so hopefully with both the phone will be protected..Love this phone dropped a few times but still works greatBroke screen and became unusable with first drop!at 55 years old this is my first smart phone, I had the other 2 Rugby flips and the were nothing fancy, but great and tough. I don't do a lot of fancy stuff. I really love the phone.Terrrific but no all that tough, though sturdier. Works so well, features great, very intuitive and get this over the overrated iPhone. Love it!bought in rural Alaska. Took a while to get there. Once there, it worked perfectly with GCI phone systemI bought 2 used cellphones and i received them both is good condition...Thanks!!!The phone is very sturdy, but that's about the only thing it has going for it. For what I paid for this phone REFURBISHED, I could have bought a brand new Xperia Z... Hindsight they say is 20/20. Out of the box it was like most any other refurbished product, no manuals and a generic charger. 8 gigs internal memory with an micro SD card slot. Nothing out of the ordinary there. 4g to boot with straight talk (if you can manage to get the APN configured). The Bad: The phone itself isn't awful functionally, it has a usable android Ice Cream Sandwich interface and a modest (for it's age) dual core processor. Even so, the phone is slow. I don't play a lot of games, and I do some browsing using Wifi and some reading of PDF's, but this phone is even sluggish to open applications. If I had to render a guess as to why the phone is lacking in the speed department, I would wager that the memory (1024 megs) is not sufficient for the average user. Beyond that, the phone will not instal software updates as they fail before the update can be applied. Whats worse is the fact that this (at the time of purchase) $200 phone can't even be used to make calls. That's right. Out of the box, this phone had either a busted mic, faulty antenna, or something damaged internally that caused everything spoken into it to sound like garbled nonsense to anyone on the other end. So much so, that I literally have to use another persons phone to make phone calls. It's quite frustrating to spend so much money on a device that's supposed to be in "like new" condition to have it function as such. I blamed my provider for this until I realized it was only my phone, and others on my same network in my area didn't have this issue. The locking back case is nothing short of a joke. The screw that holds it to a secured "water-tight" position rotates freely (out of the box. Not after I've damaged it) and means that if you were to ever expose your phone to water when that screw decided it wasn't feeling like securing the rear case, you've caused water damage to a waterproof phone. It's laughable! To add insult to injury, the micro SD card slot does not work. It would never read SD cards. This limits my memory to 8 gigs. Not that I'm the type of user that requires much more than that, but it's the point. Aside from the memory/speed issue, I can't place the blame entirely on the phone. It is possible that the vendor "Noble Planet" sent me a lemon, but I would like to think better of a vendor with 4.9 stars on amazon. But who knows, can you really trust these reviews any more? The good: The AMOLED screen is very pleasant to look at, the 4g works well, and the device fits well in the hand. Physically, there's nothing unappealing about the phone. I like the three buttons on the bottom face of the phone. It is resilient when it comes to drops, at least. But what does that matter when it doesn't do half of the things it's supposed to?Awesome waterproof phone that can swim with you, just not scuba diving. Really snappy performance, plays most games smoothly.Did not come unlockedHad poor reception on Ting system in my work office in Boulder CO. Had to return it. Got a CDMA phone that worked a lot better.Phone screen doesn't work well at all when the phone is on the charger. The screen lags and doesn't notice your your finger hardly. I had higher hopes for this phone.This is great for a first smart phone for my disabled family member who just needs the basics. We love its durability!Not working too well... Battery doesn't last very long...Horrible ...it didn't even come with a battery ... It was suppose to be in great condition ...looked like it was ran over ... It feels and looks cheap ...I found much better phones for same if not less after thisI love itSo far this phone is great. Good battery life. great reception.Great phone,absolutely tough phone for my husband. Absolutely worth our moneyI was a little skittish about getting a phone that was slightly used. I was surprised when I got it as it looks almost brand new. I didn't want to pay $350 for a new one, so instead I bought 2 of these for less than $300. They are both working great. Just what we needed.This was a giftPretty durable phone for the price. Sometimes the mic seems to not work if holding the phone on shoulder.I cant make hotspotSo for so good.Got this quickly in the mail and its like new. Plugged it and and it started working like magic. Nice job rehabing.One of my dogs bit my phone and caused one button to lock itself. I loved the Rugby and wanted to replace it with the same. The phone was in very good condition, only missing the charging outlet cover. works great and I am very happy with this purchase.My guy love this phone. He says it is almost impossible to hurt.Works as a phone...but has AWEFUL delays on photos or when typing. The typing I type 4 or 5 keys and have to stop...wait for the phone to catch up and trust me, I am a one finger typist.... and my fingers are too big for the keys (I'm female...so not even man sized) and I can't hit the keys to get the correct letters.... I don't like it at all. Phone works...the rest of it is useless in my opinion. The ROUGH case...drop it....the back flies off, battery jumps out..... not rugged.... probably not waterproof...i certainly won't try it....cheap back.Perfect phone for really low price.even with issue gentleman was quick to help me...good person i'd use againthank you for your promptitudeThis Phone is nice to handle but its not waterproof its water resistant only. If you get water inside kiss it good bythis is my favorite phone, second one i have bought and thankful for it still being around. works great!!!OS was pretty dated and even updated it can't run some of the latest apps. It does the basics but I would not recommend if you want full smart-phone functionality. That being said, the seller was great. I would definitely do business with them again.old reliableExactly as describedVery very nice phone I am 52 and it is so easy to use it works so nice.Very good and rugged phone.Works great.I am still trying to get it to do what I wantGood phoneLove Samsung, but this one didn't work for me.Rugged phone with overall excellent qualitySolid made phone, lots of featuresI had this phone before and I lost it,I don't feel like paying 500 for a new one and this one looks and works just like it's newi BOUGHT IT AS UNLOCKED. HOWEVER, IT WAS LOCKED.Great phone, would have given this a extra star, but the phone is loaded with att bloatware. I am in canada and non of the att features work here, particularly wifi hotspot and tethering. there are some available apps for work around or you can root the phone. Just the same I am very happy and the phone was like new when I received it. Fast shippinggoodThe Rugby has had no shocks nor submersions to date. I expect it to tolerate extremes well.After the sims was inserted it works perfectly without any problem . I highly recommend itslower than I expected...Great phone for price. Described accurately. no problems...Phone is very rugged. That is the only good thing. It works for calls ok. It does work with Docomo in Guam. As a smart phone, I hate it. On 4G or WIFI it lags on loading page, lags between apps, lags on Bluetooth stereo commands, it just lags. I close all apps, it lags. I yank the battery for hard boot, it still lags. Buy a 2016 phone.I am a new user on touch phones. I'm very pleased with this phone.works wellIt okSlow but good for my job...I got this phone for my husband. He absolutely loves it! It's rugged enough to withstand my tough hard-working husband but has all the bells and whistles that he now loves and didn't realize he was missing out on. It was easy to setup and learn to use. We definitely recommend this phone!Good phone for a good priceNice phone! Exactly what it is supposed to be. Came on time tooWorks just like the old one.Like the phones durability, is more than adequate for my needs.Great phone! Excellent customer service from seller!!!!great phone great priceGreat tough phone for those of us with clumsy hands. I've dropped it several times and no problems. I'll never pay 600.00 for a phone. 41.00 for this and it works great. Has all I need. BTW I can take the sim card out and place it in my rugby II flip when I'm going to be in situations that a smart phone may not be the best idea. Works fine and the ATT store told me it was fine.I am really in love with this Samsung phone. it seems to have a great processer and it does not freeze upThe phone works wonderful for meThis phone is getting close to 5 years old now, so of course it comes with five year old specs. The 1.5Ghz Dual core processor and 1GB of RAM do ok, but that's only if you don't update any apps and disable a lot of apps. It'll auto update everything and you'll get the Android 6.0 apps. These eat all your RAM and the phone becomes super slow. Just disable auto updates for all the preinstalled apps except the ones that need it and you'll be good. The camera works well and takes decent pictures, and video looks good. The low resolution screen causes slight pixelation. However it does good for the battery, the battery is amazing. I've accidentally and purposely submerged this in water and it still works great. Dropped onto concrete and no cracks. I recommend this phone to people who only need the basics like call, text, photos, and other necessities.My husband loves it !!!!!!Overall good phone. Ease of use knocks it down one star.I have just returned from vacation & found that the replacement phone is not working properly either !! The text screen does not work. When attempting to text a message the keyboard does not activate. This phone was ordered for my son & it is annoying to have to use the "voice" text. I am wondering if this is a refurbished phone being sold as new. We are very disappointed with the product and unable to use in his daily work environment.Phone came quick and was everything that it said it was. Its a phone you don't have to be afraid to drop! or take to the poolThis phone seriously lags--and not just with wifi/ 4GLTE related operations. Just to open up photos or settings. I can hardly send photos because it takes so long to process what page I'm on and where I want to go. So disappointed. I'm not especially a technology person either so I really don't need much but the speed at which this computes is infuriating. Also, I have T-mobile service. So the service worked just fine, but maybe it's because I don't have AT&T that it didn't work so well. With the lagging though, I did download an app to "eat" other pages when they wern't being used to make it go faster and it still had problems.Quick shipping and great product, Thanks!Love it! :)I love having an unlocked GSM with all the conveniences of a smartphone. However, the battery back doesn't really appear to be waterproof and flies off when I drop the phone. I also left one plugged in overnight and during a thunderstorm the phone fused to the power cord and couldn't be removed after that.It's a good phone for anyone who's a little tough on their phones. The only thing that I would change is the location of the buttons non the side. They're to easy to push while you talking or texting and change the screen. Other than that I'm happy with the phone.this phone seems to be as durable as suggested by ads has been hard to find a hard case for it the jury is still out but I expect that it will preform well I will get another one soon still learning the phone limitsI received the phone on time. The phone didn't come with a battery (I didn't see anywhere in the product review that listed that the phone didn't come with a battery), which is fine. I bought a brand new battery for the phone and the phone does not work very long. It will be fully charged and the phone will only work for 30-40 minutes. The condition was listed as "good." This product is far from good!It seems to hold up as well as advertised. One of my kids already dropped it on a tile floor and it doesn't seem to have done anything to it. I was easily able to set it up on a new network. It does seem to run a bit slow though. I have read that you can only have minimal apps on it before it slows down, and that does seem to be the case. It does what I need it to very well, though.Horrible phone. First one came with a broken home button. This was replaced with another phone that wouldn't receive emails. Super slow phone. Bought the xperia m4 and am completely satisfied. Stay away.Had to replace it. No service in my area. Make sure you get the right one for your area.Better than described & fast shipping. Thanks!phone bad not unlocked. I paid $25 to unlock this phone. also not compatible with new app.Received phone, seemed quirky, after playing with it the first day decided to charge it overnight. The next day engaged in a "chat" with Rep from Samsung, and shortly into the chat the phone went dead. After ordering another phone, and seeing how it was packaged... it seems as though the Rugby Pro had been repackaged, used?? Returned the phone for a full refund...not as good as I expected but ok.Touch screen does not respond too well.I've had this phone now for a few months. I like it, its everything I need. And its rugged like I need. The phone came unlocked, so I went with straight talk and I get 4g with excellent service. The only problem is when I attempt to use Hotspot WiFi it tell me to contact AT&T. Since I'm not with AT&T it wont work.worked great until about a month later. Freezed up and keypad does not work. other than that could not beat the price for it!It came in an At&t box. This is enough for a one star review. Any product bearing third party logos when they were not in the title does not deserve anything better. The title of the product was misleading. I guess this phone is loaded to the brim with bloatware. I'm disappointed before I even open it. This is a bait and switch.The phone is slower equipped cpu. So if you running some heavy apps, it intent crashes lot than others. I use it as rugged phone and texting running very basic apps on it, surely it workout fine.it was a piece of crap. did not work right at allThis phone is for contractors only rough and ruget not for youngsters not for the flashy type of person thanksUnfortunately my boss didn't listen to me to try this phone as soon as he received it.(he doesn't like change) The voice is all garbled. I knew better than to buy this phone! Too good to be true - it usually is.This phone is a piece of s***. Even though I would like to give it zero stars, it's okay that I can only give one, because it is, after all, pretty darn water and shock resistant. That is, it has not gotten noticeably s***tier from me taking it for a swim in seawater, or dropping it on the ground. Screen has very few scratches from this phone, which might have been worth one more star if the rest was up to par. I bought this phone believing it would be a functional smartphone, didn't expect anything fancy, but a phone that feels solid and works under minimal to normal "stress" (running several apps). I've had this phone since June, and it is a s***show. Yes, it usually works for text messaging and calling, but not always! In general, I have to restart it every day because it gets so slow that stuff stops working. Keyboard wont show up when I try to make a text, email, etc., sometimes it restarts by itself, some apps constantly crashes, and these are not necessarily just heavy apps. In the start I was been very careful with it, and did not exceed its limits when it came to water and shock resistance. The problems described starting occurring before I ever got water on it. I guess the camera is okay for what you would expect of a s***ty phone. Outside in sunlight photos are okay, provided the camera app actually opens and doesn't crash immediately. I could go on, but I hope I have communicated my feelings about the software on this phone (which is after all important for a "smart" phone). Just want to mention that if you DO decide to get this phone, the charger (wall charger) that comes with it doesn't really fit, and you have to be super careful not to move phone when charging. I tried to use my micro USB that I got with an earlier Samsung flip phone to connect it to my computer, but this does NOT FIT AT ALL. I got approximately 3 seconds of connection, carefully holding the two pieces together like two jigsaw puzzle pieces from the wrong part of the puzzle. After 5 years of successfully owning a smart phone (which I before had said I would never own), I have now ordered the Casio Ravine flip phone. HTC Desire S was lovely until the third year, when, after me crashing with it biking several times, it was starting to become unreliable. But still it was never as unreliable as this piece of crap!! I then had a Sony Experia Z which was water proof and all, but wasn't sold as shock proof, and turned out to not be that either. If I would get a smart phone again, I would actually buy "the enemy" iPhone with a rugged case. That is how terrible this phone is. I have never before considered an Apple item. I think that was it, thanks for your attention.Terrible ....did not work had to return. TWICE!!!SENT BACKCrap phone from the Starr.EDIT ... 9-13-2016: Sadly, after a brief immersion in less than 6 inches of water, the microphone no longer works. Very disappointed since the whole reason I bought this thing was because it was advertised as "rugged" and supposedly meets the IP67 Mil Spec for water resistance (up to 1 meter of water for 30 minutes). In my opinion this is a great phone. Medium sized device, not too big and not too small, but very full-featured. The interface UI is nicely designed and easy to use. The phone itself is pretty rugged and it just feels good in the hand. It's the exact same width as an iPhone but it about 1/2" shorter so it's a little more compact. It's just slightly heavier than an iPhone and frankly, I like the extra bit of heft- it feels solid to me when I handle it. The phone meets mil spec standards for salt, dust, humidity, rain, vibration, solar radiation, transport and thermal shock resistance, so a casual drop on the ground or into a puddle of water isn't going to be a problem. One of the things I like is that it has 3 actual, physical buttons at the bottom of the phone- a menu button, a home button, and a "back" button. Maybe it's just me, but I like a phone with actual pressable buttons rather than on-screen buttons as part of the display. One other cool feature is a dedicated "custom" button that you can assign/reassign to activate any feature or app or widget. I use mine to bring up a search box, but it can be set to do whatever you want (i.e. open your contacts or dial a specific number, etc). The phone's menus and operation seem snappy and crisp to me, no delays when moving around in the menus and switching between stuff. There's no external Micro SD slot, but after thinking about it I realized that I never ever removed the SD card in my previous phone for any reason, and I had it for 3+ years. So maybe not having an external SD card slot isn't really a big deal. (The phone does have an internal SD card slot, of course.) One minor complaint: There's a screw-lock device/fitting on the back of the case that helps lock the back cover to the phone, and it's a little looser than it should be in my opinion. It's not really an issue since the back cover snaps into the phone pretty firmly, but I'll probably cut a little piece of paper or tape or something to stick under the screw-lock part to increase the friction. As it is, it's just loose enough so that it rattles ever so slightly. It's a minor quibble but I'm a picky guy so I thought I'd mention it. Display: Nice and bright, no complaints there. Volume: Can be turned up so it's good and loud, you'll be able to hear it even in a fairly noisy environment. The ring, music, and notifications all have separate sound-level settings. User manual: Practically useless, lol. It's *very* brief and of no real use but you shouldn't have any trouble figuring out how to use the phone. There are a lot of help screens available in the phone menus and screens, though, so this isn't really a problem. Plugs: headphone and a micro-usb, that's really all you need these days. Camera: Not bad, but you won't be doing any photo shoots for GQ or Photography Today. Still, it's a decent camera, 5MP, autofocus, face detection, etc etc etc. There's also a front-facing camera for use with Skype and it seems to work just fine. Video: 1080P at 30 frames per second, which ain't too shabby. (!!) All in all, I like this phone a lot, and I'd recommend it to anyone that wants a good phone without spending a ton of money. Feature-wise, this thing closely rivals my son's Samsung Galaxy 5, but at about 1/5th the price (!!). You should be able to buy one of these for ~$99 online (that's what I paid for mine).I have to confess, my experience with buying two unlocked Galaxy phones on Amazon should have taught me a lesson. (Both phones relocked themselves, bricking essentially, and Amazon did not make good on them.) But we replaced the two phones with two Rugby's from Amazon. But because of the unlocking incident, we went ahead and bought them locked. We checked with AT&T, who had already sold us one Rugby, to find out they didn't have any others in stock. So we bought from Amazon after confirming on the phone at both Amazon and AT&T that we would keep the plan we had. And Amazon somehow or other reset our contract with AT&T - and it was now $50 more a month for our four lines. AT&T would not fix the problem. Neither would Amazon. We decided it was cheaper to move the four lines from AT&T to T-Mobile, where we would save $135 a month over the new contract for the four lines. So we paid off our contract obligations on the 3 lines still under contract - total of $325 for each line. 1 line had the Rugby from AT&T, and the other two phones from Amazon. AT&T declared us "done". No charge for the one phone. But not Amazon. Two months after cancellation, they told us that since we canceled the contract with AT&T, we had to pay for the phones - at $400 each. So, warning - when you buy an unlocked phone from Amazon, they will not back the phone as being unlocked. And when you buy it under contract, if you cancel the contract, you not only have to pay the provider to cancel the contract, you must also pay Amazon the list price (not their going price) for the phone. You take on far less risk by buying the phone from the provider. One less party to upset the contract, and if you do have to cancel, it is less than half the cost. If I had bought the two phones from AT&T, the contract would not have been changed, and I'd likely still be at AT&T. And if I did decide to switch, I would have only had to pay the contract termination fee. Instead, buying the phones from Amazon meant paying BOTH the AT&T early termination fee, and the Amazon fee for the phone. Amazon has sold me my last phone.This phone is 5 years old. It was released in Oct 2012 I purchased my husbands as soon as it was available. He is a dairy farmer. Dirt, corn dust, hay filled pockets, drops, water, liquid that is not water... This phone has held up through it all. He always had a screen protector on it though. It's starting to get a little slow and glitchy but the battery never lost its longevity. This was a great phone. If you are about to purchase one know that you are paying for 5 year old technology. I am quite disappointed that they have not released one since. The smaller size was better for his work and carrying it in his pocket than the Active line.I purchased this phone about a year ago on eBay. It has performed reasonably well. It is not a new phone, so performance is a bit slow. I got it because of the water resistant feature since I have killed a few phones due to immersion in water. I just had an interesting experience where I had put the phone in my swimsuit pocket to take it to the boat, but forgot about it and went swimming for about 20 minutes. When I realized the phone was on me, I got out and put it in the boat. It was still working. I opened it up later and there was some moisture inside, so I dried it overnight, put it all back together and it seems to be working normally today. Amazing phone if you have water issues!Just the right size and it doesn't feel like a tablet in your pocket. It has the apps ability I need, Bluetooth pair with ease. The camera is a 5meg and the pictures are great and it can handle a 32gig micro SD card. So plenty of room for pictures, music, etc. And the rubberized feel helps with holding the phone. If your looking for a great smartphone and don't want to get into a contract, This is the answerPhone came in quickly and works great. Had a bit of trouble getting the Push-To-Talk feature to work correctly but after updating everything on the phone and getting a new sim card it began working as it is supposed to. Will be ordering more in the future.I really like this phone. I'm a software developer and an outdoorsman (odd combo I know) and I am definitely willing to put up with the lower specs of this phone in trade for its ruggedness. I've already taken mine swimming a few times by accident. I don't try to submerge it but it happens. I've also dropped it numerous times and generally keep it in my front pocket while working around the farm etc.. it gets beat up. All I do is replace screen protectors once a month or so. My only gripe is that you can't hook the push-to-talk button up to turn on the flashlight. Also that they don't seem to be making a newer faster version. IMO the s5 active is not as rugged.Pros: Very durable! I've dropped it many times with no damage. Water Proof. I can use in the rain and in the shower! They got rid of that absolutely stupid "search" button on the bottom of the phone and leave you with the 3 that you actually use. Setting the "quick launch" button or whatever it's called to bring up the camera when pressed is extremely useful. Cons: Screen could be a little brighter (I also have a screen protector on, but still...) Many USB charger cords do not work with this phone. Due to the design of the water proofing the port is deep inside the phone and larger USB cords will not fit.this phone i received must be a bad one, because it does not perform as good as the reviews. It locks up constantly and does not open apps well, both sim and memory card are new. I am very disappointed with performance of this phoneI have had this phone for over 2 years. I love it. Best phone I ever had. Left it on my roof it fell off at 45 mph dropped in pool drop it every day. Still works great and the screen has no cracks. I dont even have a case for itEven though my Rugby was recently lost/stolen I thought I would leave a little feedback on the device; This is hands down one of the coolest phones I have ever owned and I have had iPhone, Galaxy S, and HTC. This thing is like an otterbox on steroids without the whole otterbox part. It has to be the toughest smartphone on the planet with or without a case. It handles games just fine, I would play Dead Trigger 2 on high settings and that is a pretty demanding game. I would say this phone is on par with the Galaxy S3 in everyway way. I had both. Anyway, 5 stars. Highly recommend.The phone works fine but I did want to report a problem and a fix. After 4 months of use the microusb port on the bottom seems to have shifted into the phone slightly and it would not make contact with the microusb plug and the phone would not charge on any microusb plug. I was able to fix it by taking a spare microusb plug and clamping it in a vice and using a metal hacksaw, carefully cut a bit of the black plastic all around the metal strip, but do not cut the metal. Make the cut about a millimeter or slightly more than the width of the hacksaw blade. Now the metal contact strip sticks out a millimeter further and pushes a millimeter deeper into the phone. The phone now charges fine.Owned for 2.5 years, not especially user friendly, last week dropped it in elevator, I'm 5'1", and THAT cracked the screen, really disappointed in my "RUGGED" phone.I've had this phone for a while now. Works good, except when it comes to the internet. Pages just load slow.I got this phone about 6 months ago and I love it. I am always on my boat in the salt water and this thing is a tank. Sand, salt water spray, dropping it on the deck...not a problem. I did notice a few weaknesses though. - The touch screen won't work very well when your hands are wet. - Don't charge it anywhere near salt water. I killed one when a drop got on the contacts and it almost immediately rusted out. - Don't drop it into 50' of salt water while using the flash light at night. This will also cost you all of your pictures and contacts... I'm going to try the S4 Active now and I'm sure it will be even better.it's okay i got it for my Bday and i wanted it because of the rugged part! and plus my Mimi and Pawpaw have always had the basic Rugby flip phone... LET ME WARN YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! it freezes up and restarts almost every 15 20 mins. and can't no body do nuthan bout it!!! but other than that its a great phone!!This was a gift for my wife and she loves it.Good work phone!It is rugged outside but the phone becomes slow gradually and the battery is not goodDoes the waterproof work well?Husband has had this phone for 7 days. Dropped the phone by accident and shattered the screen. Not as Durable as we thought......Without a doubt the biggest piece of s*** phone ever. Especially for the cheaper carriers. CONSTANTLY froze! ! ! Do not buy, you have been warned.Background: I owned the Iphone 2g, which was a spectacular phone for its time. I stuck with iphone until around 2011 when I started to think it was boring and I bought a Droid razr, which was also a good phone but not spectacular, I eventually broke it and upgraded to a galaxy nexus. I became very accustomed to android and its ecosystem. I used TONS of different apps, launchers and eventually ROMS for my Gnex. I loved the phone and I loved androids customization. However by 2013 the phone had lost its luster, I was sick of the poor battery life, instability and LAG. So I thought about getting the Galaxy S4 or Note2 or even waiting (I'm on Verizon) for the HTC one. The problem was I was worried about the battery life of all of those except the note 2. I knew I didn't want to go back to Iphone because even though it is super stable, with tons of apps, its just so boring to me. So I thought I might try the lumina 928, that was a week ago. Lumia Review: -Build quality- The phone is really extremely well built. Especially coming from a samsung phone it seems very durable and study. -Setup-- No Sweat. The phone added all my verizon backup agent info and then nearly seemlessly merged it with my contacts from my google account. -Call Quality-- wow, no really wow. Loud and clear. You can tell the phone has 3 mic's and advanced background noise cancellation. -Keyboard-- Since this isn't android the keyboard better be good and luckily it is very good, and very accurate. I was worried coming from swipe that this might be a deal breaker but it's so smooth and it autocorrects very well. -Screen-- The screen is beautiful, Just go look at one at the store, its great. I read before I bought it that the white has a greenish tint if you look at it at a sharp angle and that is true. However since I am the one using the phone I don't really have to worry about that. -Windows 8-- I am actually really impressed with the OS. I always think of microsoft as old-school but the interface is very clean and minimalist. The apps are lacking like you read in every other review but I don't have anything that I miss that much other than my bank app (USAA) I can use pageonce instead or just go to the mobile site but I really do miss that app. Otherwise all the apps I really use are there and more are coming all the time. While windows 8 is not in the same realm of customization as android it is much more fun and customizable than IOS, while maintaining the same stability as IOS. I like that live tiles of different sizes, they don't replace widgets from android but they do hold some information and flip from front to back or scroll through photos...etc. I also really like the Theme aspect of WP8. I used to customize my nexus from top to bottom and make it a black and white theme or a super-hero theme or a family theme....etc. WP8 can't do everything that android can but you can quickly change tile colors or from a black or white background. This may not seem like much but its cool and it takes only seconds and everything remains stable, smooth and fast. -Camera-- The camera is very good, I am not a huge camera buff. I use it to take pictures of vacations or kids or events and so on. I have used it quite a bit and the Nokia photo suite is really useful and intuitive. The Xenon flash works like a charm and works for flashlight apps too. The talk about it being a great camera is true, however it does sometimes seem to change its white balance very quickly. Like I said I am not a camera buff and that might be fixed in the settings but out of the box, its one of the things I noticed. -Battery-- This was and is one of the deciding factors for this phone, I hated charging my nexus all the time. So far for me the battery life has been great. I did get it down into the 30% range in like 6 hours on the first day but that was with near constant use. With normal use it makes it though the day no problem. That being said I was trying to get all the info I could on the battery before I made this purchase so I will tell you all I know. With the GPS on (Nokia Drive+ is great BTW) I think the phone will last a little over 3 hours with no charging. That is much longer than my android phone but still a huge battery drain as most GPS's are. The phone is SUPER efficient in standby, I mean I think it uses .5-2% per hour if you just leave it. My nexus would easily go down 7-10% per hour and this is much better than that. The lumia 928 comes with a "battery saver" in the settings. You can set it to turn on manually, when low, or always (not recommended). I am not sure why always is not recommended but I have it activating when the phone is "low" which I think is at < 40% (when the battery turns yellow). The phone gets more efficient below 40% and seems to last as long if not longer than the last 60%. The battery has done really well so far and I liken it to an Iphone battery, doing more with less. If you are coming from a razr maxx or Note2 you may be disappointed otherwise I think this will do surprisingly well for you. -Recommended apps-- If like me you are coming from one of the other platforms with 6X as many apps you may want to know which apps you should pick up. -The new Facebook and Twitter work well I think they have been updated since most of the reviews. -I like USAToday and WSJ news apps, I missed apps like stubleupon, pulse and flipboard so I started to use weave but I didn't really like it. -UC browser is better than IE. IE is ok, it will work but you should try UC browser. -Customizable tiles(wifi, bluetooth, location) getting one of those apps is handy -Netflix works well -Audible is an app I use daily and It works well -ebay and amazon are good -Pageonce is a good app if your bank isn't in the windows store like me -I love the roku remote app (if you have a roku), I really like not losing that little remote Overall I really recommend the phone. I think its stability is great and its not boring at all, the camera is a standout and the usability of the phone is through the roof!Still my favorite Windows Phone. And my fav. nokia phone. I have the Icon now, but still love my 928. The camera is great if you want great photos and lenses to play with. The quality on the photos and video are a highlight of the phone. It's a speedy phone. It handles games very well, as well as some big apps. The screen is sweet and the color control over the screen is nice as well. The size is great and while some, if not many, like to complain about weight, i feel that phones need a little weight. This has a little weight and it suits it extremely well. It's not awkward or heavy on the wrist (in my opinion) Fits great in the back pocket or inside jacket pocket comfortably. I have, many times, sat down on multiple different surfaces with my phone in my back pocket and never felt it for hours sometimes, and even fell on my a$$ and nothing broke. (thumbs up) I have also dropped this pretty bad a few times, thanks to my stupidity, and it's survived quite well. Of course, a cell phone can only take so much. I plan on replacing my screen (that STILL isn't cracked). If you like Nokia, Lumia's and WM, go for it.Really solid phone. This was the first windows phone me or my wife had ever had in our lives and I mainly got it because of Cortana. Cortana is amazing btw (even though google now has caught up), the user interface with the tiles are really neat and you can organize them any way you want including the sizes of the tiles. With the live tiles on, they update automatically and instantly when something comes up instead of just a notification that pops up at the top. The phone itself is well built and meant to take a drop or two and pretty sleek on the design so it has alot of plusses that me and the wife like. One of the only downsides so far are the settings, the settings do not allow you to manage and deal with apps as a singular unit the way android does, so it makes for a slightly annoying experience when you want apps to not run in the background, or just shut off completely, but it's doable.After owning a droid and two apple products, I attempted to purchase a windows phone as I was always interested, along with having my Iphone 6 go down on me. Being that I didn't have the money to purchase a new iphone and needed a back-up phone. However, I quickly learned that this is a garbage phone. 1. This phone came out in 2013 and the apps were outdated 2. The phone is big and clunky 3. Most of the apps that I needed were not available in the windows store - like google maps 4. If the app was outdated or unavailable, I hate to browse the internet 5. Some internet pages didn't work on this phone such as news and weather 6. The photo quality is very low 7. Can't use skype or facebook messenger - had to use the internet Yet, this phone had some features that I did like- 1. You can remove current apps that are already in the phone 2.Great selections in ringtones by nokia and windows 3. You can use the cloud to back your information up 4. This phone rings nice and loud 5.You can change the color schemas of your phone 6. Have great If you have owned droid and IOS phones, then this phone isn't for you. If you need to just browse the internet and use simple apps then great, be my guest.Where do I start? I guess since it's a phone I'll start with the voice quality. It is as clear as a land line, and that has not always been my experience with smart phones. I've had numerous other smartphones, the most recent an HTC Thunderbolt that had fairly poor call quality. The speaker phone has great quality too. The camera is incredible. Even the front facing camera produces high quality photos, and the phone has a number of built-in photo editing features. I've been trying to find a receipt scanning software program that will replace manually entering my business expenses, but the cameras on my other portable devices don't have good enough resolution for those great programs to work. Last night I tried scanning on my 928 and it came out crystal clear. That brings me to Windows Apps. That is the one weakness with this phone. I didn't realize how much I was going to miss the huge selection of Android apps. Windows has all the basics in productivity, games, entertainment, but just doesn't have as much to choose from. I'm sure that will improve with time. I bought the wireless charging pad and love it. No hooking the phone up to it. I just lay the phone on the charging pad (which does have to be plugged in to the wall or a computer). This phone charges faster than any smartphone I've had in the past. However, if you're using programs heavy on graphics like games, it goes through battery pretty quickly. I'm not getting nearly as much time per charge as I expected. The fact that it has a sealed battery means that I can't just pop in a spare battery when I run down, so it's essential to have a portable battery to plug into on the go or a phone charging cable. Customizing the home screen is easy, making it convenient to access the icons I need most often. The only button placement I don't like is the camera button. I take dozens of accidental pictures every day because that button is fairly sensitive and is placed on the side right where the heel of my hand fits. If I change to hold it in my left hand, my little finger rests on that button and triggers it. Hopefully I'll get used to this problem and adjust my touch. The phone has a good heft to it, feeling like it's made of good quality materials, but not so heavy that it bothers me. I have fairly large hands for a woman, and it fits just right in my hand. I bought this phone on the recommendation of a friend who has much smaller hands than I and the size is no problem for her. Overall, I'm happier with this phone than any I've owned in the past.I bought this phone about three weeks ago now and I have to say it's a definite step up from my last phone. My last phone was a HTC Incredible 2. I bought that phone for the same price I bought this phone for, .01. I really liked the HTC and I was happy with an Android phone. I'm really liking this Windows phone. It has been very easy to figure out how to use and my son has told me the same thing. It's faster than my old phone and the the screen is much nicer. I've seen reviews saying they think the style of the phone is a little dull, I call it simple and classic. It does not have the same app support as the other two OS out there, but it's improving. Battery life is about the same as most smartphones and the camera takes better pictures than my last phone. Is this the best one out there, no, but it works well and is easy to get used to. The sound quality of the phone is good and the speaker phone does its job. The Bluetooth connects easily to my car and the sound quality for playing music is good. The only two drawbacks are no removable battery and no external memory. It's not the top of the line phone, but it's a good solid phone and I couldn't beat the price.Love the camera on this phone, love how quick and responsive it is compared to Android, love how tough it is, and I could go on. There are only a very few, and very minor, issues with it. 1) No access to the battery - while it has only happened once, the phone shut off and I could not immediately turn it back on; being able to remove the battery for a forced reset would have been great 2) The number of apps available is nowhere near that of the other two platforms (iOS & Android) 3) On my Android phone I could create profiles that were triggered by location, time/date, and a whole host of other variables - nothing like that Windows phones yet 4) Microsoft's implementation of NFC technology is lagging behind everyone else due to the restrictions in place - again, on Android I could use NFC tags to create tags that could trigger multiple changes on the phone on a single tag without having to first go to a menu and verify the change These may seem like some fairly major disadvantages, but I purchased this phone for both the camera and the supreme ease with which it syncs up with all of my Window's based workplace software - it truly is seamless.I've had the phone a little over a week. Build quality is top notch. I like windows 8 OS, the market is a little lacking, but it does have most of the apps i like to use. I have an HTC DNA, great phone, I though a 5" display was the way to go. But it's to bulky in the pocket, the 928 is the right size. I use the Microsoft Sky-drive cloud service, so 32 gig's is more then Ill ever use. the Screen is clear, clean and bright. Photo's are very nice, with this phone you don't need a camera. I'm a Windows 8 users at home, office, Hotmail, I like the integration of that in one device. i also like is the ability to remove Verizon's bloatware, you cant do that on a Andriod phone. Cons: the capacitive buttons at the bottom, the paint job needs a second coat, the white looks a little yellow. The market place, not a lot to choose from. But with good LTE coverage, what you can't find in the market place you can find on the web.Nokia is really pushing the Windows Phone 8 system with great hardware and software. This is the first phone I have ever had with such a clear screen in direct sunlight. I work outdoors, not in an office, and readability of the screen is great. The camera and built in sky drive storage is great, you can take a picture and in just a few seconds it is in your sky drive, no need to manually upload or anything. The battery on the phone is also good, most days it will last 8+ hours with no extra charging. I do not use many apps but the ones I wanted are here, Skype, Netflix, Pandora, Microsoft Office, Facebook, and USA Today. If you use a Windows 8 PC the syncing with Sky drive is great, the only real cons for the phone is the limited number of cases to choose from and no real otter box type rugged cases.I've been using this phone for about a week now, and I love everything about it! The camera is the best I've used on a mobile device, the build quality is a lot better than I expected, and the screen is absolutely gorgeous! The battery life is somewhat of a problem if you're a social app lover like myself, but if you just use your phone for texts and phone calls, you'll easily make it a full day! I do miss the apps that I had on iOS, but Windows App Store is quickly gaining some of the most popular ones, and has many alternatives for Instagram and Snapchat. Overall I'm pleased with this experience and love my Nokia! UPDATE: August 3; my birthday. Had to call Amazon again about a weird volume glitch where it would randomly go up and down on its own.. They called VZW and they confirmed it was a Hardware Issue, and authorized for it to be replaced. After that, Amazon gave me a link for a UPS label to send it back in.. Hopefully it won't take too long, I never realized how small the iPhone screen was! haha. UPDATE 2: August 6, they refunded the purchase instead of replacing it... I called and got the 928 exchanged for the BlackBerry Z10, and now, I'm having to replace this phone for smudges under the screen... I don't think I'll buy another phone through Amazon...I bought my first Nokia Lumia 928 brand new 3-1/2 years ago, and it's been such a great phone I bought this one just because I figured it would be a great replacement. NO issues with the Windows OS EVER with either phone (I kept the old one as a back-up, though the battery - understandably after over three years of use - didn't hold a charge like it once did) and this one is a great as the first one. It may not be the 'latest and greatest' but it's far superior to all my friends with Droid and iPhone models as far as being a solid smartphone with any features I personally am interested in.I really like this phone thus far. I really like Nokia in general. I think Nokia is a goo brand to choose, also the windows phones are very very popular in Europe, Americans don't seem to get it. I find the interfacing really fun, easy to customize and I really like the camera. I find that I accidentially hit the camera button all the time. For this reason I prefer the Nokia Lumia 900, but Verizon wouldn't let me use my unlocked 900 b/c it had am at&t logo. So, I found this one for cheap if I continue my contract for another 2 years. I am really happy I was able to get a the next version lumia from Verizon. They have such a crummy selection in store, only the very expensive ones, and the clerks in store are so rude where I live. I am very happy with my online experience. I just wish I didn't have to pay for a data plan since it is possible to use the phone with data disabled.Customer service was great. The phone is good but the software is crap. The apps I love are not available. No taptalk, Huntington, etc. Also most of the apps available do not work. FB messenger does not work. Skype, WhatsApp, Viber, Kik do not work as well as on android. After using this phone for a couple months, I see that developers are dropping support for windows phone. I'm guessing some ridiculous conflict with how Microsoft wants apps built vs. the way developers want to build them. Great phone if all you need is basic phone functionality. Calls, Messages, and light social media, but if you use your phone for everything, don't get this one.This is my second 928. The first one lasted 7+ years before wearing down. I love the OS and the live-tile format. Wish there were more apps, but I am not happy with Android or Apple.I love the Nokia 928 Windows 8 Phone! I have nothing bad to say about it. If your in the Market for a new Device you can not go wrong with it. It has the best Screen and Camera I have used yet.The User Interface and OS is just Amazing! Also, If your a Xbox Live Member and Facebook/Twitter user you will be blown away by the Intergration.Everything is easy to understand and get used to. if your coming from Android or iOS you will Love this Device.The Live Tiles Rule! Pin what you want on your Home Screen and Always know what's new in just a glance from the live tiles always showing the latest info and notifications.The Quality of the Phone itself is second to none! Nokia and Microsoft made this Phone to be user friendly inside and out, and with Verizon's 4G LTE the Speed on the Network is Mind Blowing Fast!own it for half a year now. the phone is great. PRO: Camera lunches as i take the phone out of my pocket, ready to shoot when i have it in front of me. very very smooth in anything you do, despite the lower specifications. Had the windows 8.1 OS upgraded few times, each with great addition and still improving. Drain 2.5%-3.2% battery per hour on standby, which for not heavy use can last a really long time. CON: does have all essential apps, however i really do want some more apps...which are popular on other platforms, then its slowly becoming essential. selection of case for this phone is also minimum. i guess i can't blame that on the phone itself.Three ways the phone excels: - Fast OS / hardware / apps - Excellent camera - Nokia Here Apps suite (Also, wireless charging is an excellent feature.) 1) The OS is silky smooth to use and is amply powered on this phone - the specs do not match the best Android phones, but they are more than enough to run the OS and the apps quickly. There is no lag. Every app runs and opens quickly. Shoot, nearly all of the apps look absolutely gorgeous on this screen. I have played a few games on this (Mass Effect: Infilitrator and Halo: Spartan Assault) and both games load really quickly and run well on the phone, although extensive high graphics gaming will drain the battery. Super fun games, by the way. 2) The camera is just so so good. Video, photo, low light, high light, all good. It's only - only - weakness is if you're near a bright window, it always tends to make the subject dark. But, for the advanced photographer, it includes controls of Exposure, ISO, and white balance, as well as the typical "scenes" presets. With this you can overcome those problems. The flash is good too, but I normally choose to see the low-light power excel than use the flash. Add in Nokia's Photobeam, which lets you connect a slideshow of your phone's photos to any web browser on any screen, and it's a great photo suite. I haven't even touched Nokia's many Lens apps: burst shots, panorama app, etc. 3) Nokia is awesome. Especially Here apps. Here Drive is their built in Turn-by-Turn voice navigation with OFFLINE function! So useful. Here Maps is just a plain good maps app, and if you want your direction in a viewable list, you use this. Here City Lens is a really cool app which lets you find stuff near you by just raising the camera, and it will list all local stuff in that direction. So. Nifty. The phone does all normal tasks super well, and it's special features just boost the quality of the phone. Nothing lacking here, I'd recommend anyone get it. When my mom is up for an upgrade I'll recommend a Nokia.I made the jump as a previous Android user (Galaxy S3, Razr M) and I can say that after a couple of months, I like this phone a lot (Especially for the no-contract price). The typical concerns held by other people when switching remain true (not that much app support) however I oupcan say that being someone who needs email (Gmail), group messaging (Kik), Youtube (Youtube HD), a good web browser (UC Web Browser), and Reddit (Readit, an EXCELLENT reddit client) everything I need was there and I was up and running out of the gate. I've had slim to no issues with reception using it. On 4G LTE this will get the job done for you. The star off comes from more Verizon Wireless's doing. Beware: built in apps from Verizon are delaying update times SIGNIFICANTLY. Updates already out on other carries (like the big ones, Cortana and such) are not available and probably won't be until some time into 2015. If you can, I'd say wait for that before making a jump. If you need a good phone for a good price right now, go for it muchacho(a).This is my first winphone.......I love my first windows phone. I work with a bunch of driod heads and I pulled this baby out and all of them swarmed to see what I had. Some of them were kind of jealous the others were like "bet you got s*** for apps" I showed those guys how it was linked to my xbox live account and had xbox games in my downloads. Granted I miss some of the apps that I had on my moto HD but this one has made up for it in the terms of being able to sync with all of my windows devices at home whether I'm at home or not. It doesn't have an SD card slot..which I read in a review and it kinda scared me, but it has 30gigs of internal storage.....it doesn't need the sd slot...lol I was taken back by that like "whoa 30gigs internal in a phone...woot" I've also had connection where other people with the same carrier had none so it has a very sensitive antennae with fast refresh it seems cause if I found that "sweetspot" and moved it lost a bar or two. Battery life is solid, charges a bit slow, but holds power for 2 days if you aren't using it a lot. Great phone for first time windows phone users, not sure how previous winphone users would take this one. It's all about what you want your phone to do and this does it for me VERY well. Great buy 5/5 for meThis is a great phone! -The Nokia stock Apps like HERE maps, HERE drive, Nokia Music and City Lens are absolutely amazing. - I found that this syncs flawlessly with my Windows 8 touch screen computer so that's a plus. And I hear if I get MS Office 365 I can update my word and excel files on my phone and then access those updated files on my computer. -I was also surprised that even though I had to create a Live.com account, I was still able to sync my Google information. I'm currently using Gmail which synced perfectly, got my Google contacts in seconds and my Google calendar syncs just as fast as I can input the data. -The phone has a nice quality weight and a very sleek design. -The camera quality exceeded my expectations especially for capturing objects or people in motion without the photo coming out blurry. -I don't feel like I need a case for it to protect it. I'll probably get one for style later on though. -Now I'm spoiled with the wireless charging. Overall I'm VERY happy to have this Nokia Lumia 928 and so far 3 of my friends have switched to this phone after I let them use it. I just surprised it's not advertised more.Total crap! Didn't even come with a charger! The screen was chipped on the edge, has crud on the back WAS NOT NEW. The phone won't even function correctly. The touch screen does not even work properly! I bought this phone because of it's reputation for being tough I was not expecting a phone that had been used, What a rippoff!What a piece of crap this phone turned out to be. Not only was it heavy (brick-like, in fact), it stopped working out of the blue less than 1 year after purchase. Microsoft managed to destroy the once-indistructible Nokia. Thank goodness, I had already refurbished my old Nokia Lumia 822 and was able to transfer my service to this way better Nokia phone with no interruption in service.Looks great and the design, GUI, and operating system are awesome. Unfortunately, although the phone feels solid and sturdy, it is extremely brittle and we've had two so far that did not survive a seemingly small drop onto the corner of the phone. Forgot to mention that the camera on this thing is crazy good. Takes clearer and more vibrant photos than any Samsung, Motorola, or Apple product I've ever used...including our $200 digital camera.Very clean, extremely easy phone to use- and built nokia tough. The phone is the best Windows Phone out by a long shot, and easily trumps the iPhone. Do some research about the operating system though- if you like to have widgets and modify your phone with android operating systems, you might not like Windows Phone 8. I personally love the operating system. Very fast and simple.This phone is so sleek, easy to use & fast. I think it helps that it pretty much functions like my Windows 8 PC. I think the only drawback to this phone, & really any Windows phones, is that the MIcrosoft store doesn't offer as many apps as Play or Apple store does. I'm hoping that will change in the coming months, because I really like this phone & wouldn't mind getting another Windows phone with my next upgrade.I shouldve returned itVery good phone ,when it has WP 8.1 installed (Denim). A little small for my liking though. Screen is WAY too fragile though. Have broken 3 from very low drops. Screen has odd problems and gets overwhelmed when multitouching and needs resetting. Very odd this has not been fixed yet.i love this phone but the shipping of this phone was longer then needed to be UPS made an error and had to reship; The phone has some issues and that is the downside of this phone - You get a few that are not up to par - my lock screen does not show my picture -the email is not working as it should I can see emails but can not respond to them its kind of useless but I am locked into a 2 yr plan now so as long as my camera works on this and I can upload to my facebook I can live with this for 2 yrs and upgrade to a better quality camera phone then I love windows phones its my 2nd one same model just got a defective one I guessI recently got the phone and generally love it. The OS is also good for the most part. However, anyone considering a Windows Phone, including Lumia 928, should be aware that it is extremely difficult and unpleasant to manage your music and videos on the phone. Basic functions like creating a playlist, adding and deleting songs from a playlist or watching a video you purchase through the XBox media platform (or any other platform) is extremely annoying if not impossible on a Windows Phone. Just check out the forums before you decide if managing your media on your phone is important to you at all.Very fast response times, great photo quality, beautiful display. Really like the wireless charging. Have had no problems finding any sort of apps I'm interested in. It's on the larger side, but I prefer that since the larger screen makes it easier on the eyes and I make fewer typing errors on the little keyboard. A veritable steal at $0.This phone works well and survived a drop from the car roof with only a tiny scratch on the bottom. I wish there were more Windows apps. I highly recommend this phone for professional use-especially for Windows pc users. The picture quality is similar to my Samsung S3 and Note3I am really in love with this phone. Its well build and looks great. Everybody who looks at the phone is awed by its beauty. The only drawback is the lack of some critical features like notifications and widgets on Windows Phone 8, and the dearth of apps on Windows app store. However, both the situations are improving as we speak.Love it so far. The camera does much better job than my roommate's iphone 5. I really like that. I also like windows 8 although it has less apps than iphone does. I don't play a lot of game. This phone serves well for me. Good talking quality and decent camera lens. Bigger screen than iphone 5. I love it.I have ordered many phones online and was able to use them when I received them. This phone came to me without a sim card and I had to go to Verizon and purchase one. Since then we have discovered it has a glitch that causes the touch screeen to lock up. It as done that a few times. We had to go online to figure out how to unlock it.I love my Nokia 928. The Windows Phone 8 interface is so much cleaner than the Android phone I used to use. Win Phone 8 may not have all the apps, but it has most of what I want. Plus unlike Android, I can easily and fully uninstall what I don't want.My contract was up with Verizon and my phone (Droid Global 2) was acting up. I knew I needed to get a new phone and was about to go with the popular i-phone. I asked my husband what he thought. He looked around online and we both agreed that the new Nokia Lumia 928 had everything we wanted plus more. I take a lot of pictures and video with my phone so that was a number one selling point for me. The pictures turn out great. I was surprised with how large the phone was compared to my older phone but it did not take long to get use to holding it and it is lighter than my old phone. I really thought I would miss the QWERTY keyboard my old phone had but I find texting and searching the web to be fine on this phone. This might be because of the size of the screen too. Calls come through clear. Overall I am very happy with the purchase of this phone from Amazon.Don't know much about the data phones out there but this specific phone is setting me me up for excellence. I must be frank though, I might be a little prefixed for this phone, I AM AN XBOX fan! Seamless transition from phone to Xbox. Well done Nokia; grateful MS bought them out.I loved this phone. It lasted a year until I accidentally shattered the screen.My first smart phone. Been loving it. Wish ap developers would get with the Windows program and offer more aps (banking etc) for Windows systems. There are still plenty of good aps out there for Windows anyway.Great phone for the price. Only downside is that Microsoft has capped out the Lumia model's which support Windows 10 Mobile.its 2013 again baby!Pros: -Screen is very vibrant -Amoled will save energy on black pixels -very good call quality -speaker phone option is loud -phone is easy to hold on to -build quality is good cons: -one dead pixel :( -if you turn up the speaker to max, sounds a little tinny -need more developers in MS app store I really like this phone. I previously had the Samsung Droid charge, which was my first smartphone. The Nokia phone has a larger screen than the Droid Charge and feels lighter, and is thinner. The app store leaves something to be desired. Hopefully more developers will get on board. Most of the main apps are on MS (facebook, twitter, linkedin, etc). The *edited for clarification* official youtube app apparently is not supported on the 928. I can see the app, but it won't let me install it. There are other non official youtube apps. *end edit* I can get through a day of use on one charge. I also like the wireless charging (one less thing to mess with). The phone does have the ability to turn into a mobile hotspot, though I have not tested that yet. I really like the ability to delete the VZW apps off of this phone, without rooting the phone.Lumia is a very good phone, with a good build quality. It is also a very good value compared to other flagship phones. I have found it to have clear audio on calls. Good screen brightness, quality camera, and speaker phone is loud enough to clearly hear and use. Overall I am impressed with Windows Phone OS as well. OS is very easy to use and learn. I was somewhat concerned about the limited number of apps, but have found apps for 90% of what I really used my old Android phone for as well: listening to music, email, photos, navigation, news, weather, twitter.Ok,I got this cellphone around a week,this is the good cellphone I think, this time I have a correct choice ,very nice.the very important point is Lumia928 is better than Andriod and Iphone,that`s ture!! Although the APP is less than Andriod and Iphone,but that is enough to me,and that is not Nokia`s fault but Microsoft`s,so ,What can I say? Whatever,Lumia928 is the best by best cellphone ,forget Andriod,forget Iphone,Enjoy the WP8.... In the end,I want to say the customer service is professional, make me a good shopping experience,thank you very much Amazon.I upgraded to this phone from an iphone 4. It was a solid purchase and gave me a lot of the upgrades I had been looking for in a phone. Not regretting stepping from the apple faithful one bit.Good morning,,it ok enough,, the phone delivered without box or charger, only the phone ThanksI am so happy with my Nokia 928 and the Windows platform. I went from a Blackberry to this phone so I cannot compare it with an IPhone or and Android. Even better, by purchasing from Amazon I saved $99 dollars from the local store prices. It was easy to set up the phone on Verizon once it arrived.I've had an IPhone and most recently I had a Samsung phone so I was looking forward to checking out what this Nokia Windows phone had to offer. I've owned this phone for a little over a month and so far I am impressed with the overall package. The Windows OS was VERY easy to learn. Took me about 30mins just playing around with the phone to be fully confident that I could preform any task that I needed to with the phone. I was also surprised to find that pretty much all of the Apps that I used were available on the Windows App Store (I went the Windows App Store website to check). The only exception was my bank which turned out to not be a problem because I just Pinned a Tile (placed a shortcut) of the bank's website to my home page. App problem solved! What I was most excited about and also most concerned about with a Windows phone were the Live Tiles. For things like the weather, stock, and even the dictionary.com word of the day, information just pops up without having to open an App to see it. This works beautifully and most Apps have an option to use the Live Tiles in someway or another. I thought that with all my Apps updating live my battery would die quick and my 1GB data limit would be used up even quicker but I found that I could control if I wanted an App to update and I could also control the frequency so I haven't had a problem at all with either the battery life or with excessive carrier data usage (btw I haven't gone over my data limit yet because I download the major stuff via Wifi and use it while I'm out) Now as for the device, Nokia did a wonderful job creating this phone. Things I liked (LOVED). 1. Offline turn by turn navigation- Nokia HERE maps and HERE drive (don't know HOW it works but I've set my phone to airplane mode and used the GPS many times already. Mainly to see if it would work as advertised...Needless to say, the Nokia passed with flying colors). 2. Offline streaming radio playlists. So I love listening to music but I take trains where I don't have service so Nokia's Music App let's me download either a pre-made or created playlist to my phone for FREE so I can listen to music even without service. 3. Wireless charging! 4. The photos are awesome; especially for low light. 5. I've already dropped this phone about 6 times now without a case and it still doesn't have a scratch. What I dislike about the phone 1. The look of the calendar, I wish that the stock calendar App had slightly bigger font for the month view like the Apps you can get from the Windows App store. 2. Wish that I could download my voicemail messages without get charged a monthly fee. (I think that's a Verizon thing) 3. The media volume should be separated from the ringer volume. But I hear that is being updated shortly. All in all I love this Nokia phone.Was going to wait for the HTC One to come out on Verizon. Then I seen this phone for $30 and ask myself why spent $200 on the HTC. Specs are good phone is fast no lag. Great camera! 170,000 apps! Got all I need and more.Nokia has great build quality. I drop phone without case and nothing really happen to phone except for a small scratch. Love the OS! Everyone loves my phone when I show it to them. So I tell everyone to get it. Hope that helpsVery unhappy with products on came cracked one came only usable with BluetoothI have very few cons to speak about this phone. Just a few features and apps that are missing and that's not even nokia's fault. Hopefully soon Microsoft will address the lack of notification center soon and update the store with more apps. Other than that, this phone is just superb. I love the look and durability. It works extremely fast and I've barely felt any lag with this software. It could be the perfect phone if not for the few disadvantages I talked aboutHad the phone a few months. Though I was happy with it the first week I got it, I wanted to wait a while to see if any problems came to the surface. Nothing has. The phone is in excellent condition, came on time, and I have no complaints. Very happy with purchase.Very nice phone!Battery doesn't last long but generally I like the phone.First off, my husband and I have owned cell phones, tablets, MP4's and PDA's for the past 10 years, each one lasting two years or more. This is the first mobile device that has broken within the first month from ONE drop. Major design flaw. While the glass extending beyond the LCD nearly to the edge of the phone, blunt squared edges and smooth matte black back might make for a sleek look, It also makes for an easy to shatter screen. The corner of the phone was nicked (while wearing a case) during a drop and the front screen still shattered. I voiced my concerns to Nokia (though I knew it wouldnt matter since dropping is misuse and abuse and not covered by warranty) and received a catch all e-mail. While I did drop the phone, I feel that a top brand should be designed to withstand a few minor impacts. My children both own kindles which have really taken a beating with no issues, so I do not think it is unrealistic for a product that costs 2-3x as much to be held to the same standard. Nope. ONE 2-3 foot drop was all it took. Also the glass screen is integrated, so replacement is costly costing more than half the original retail price. If youre not dissuaded by this review, make sure you have the phone insured and make sure you are willing to pay a 100 deductible if you ever misuse (drop) your cell phone. OTHERWISE the phone has a lot of great features, especially if you sync with your other windows 8 devices and skydrive. Some of my favorite features are the photos I take are AUTOMATICALLY uploaded to my windows account to be accessed on my other devices, and documents, photos, etc from my other devices are accessible on my phone. If you use email and social media automatic updates are easy and convenient. Contact syncs with facebook is nice, not only does it sync prof. pictures with your phone, it also syncs contact info such as email addresses, cell numbers birthdates etc. Predownloaded GPS was a great feature. The Here City Lens was really neat concept but not something I would use for practicality. It shows way too many closed businesses, but might be useful for someone in a larger town/city. I was able to find practical apps that fit my needs. I love the windows phone website where you can quickly locate your phone for free (great if this is a childs phone.) Also if you loose your phone you can actiate a loud ring to help locate it (like a panic button.) If privacy is a concern, you can also choose to wipe a lost phone remotely. Overall LOVED the windows OS, but Nokia should design more practical phones that they are willing to stand behind. Who doesnt drop a phone? Would recommend a Windows 8 phone, cant do the same for a Nokia. ************ A week after my initial review I received a prompt that an update was required on my phone (I had set my phone to require prompts and not perform autoupdates.) I choose to perform the update and when the phone restarted it would flash between various welcome screens. I had no way to remove the battery or power the phone off so it cycled through these welcome screens until the battery was drained. I plugged the phone in and now it will not power on at all. Because of the previously cracked screen the warranty is void. Yuck.Still waiting on some apps that I use alot to show up in the windows market ,and the text / notification tone cannot be personalized. But other than that the touch screen is magnificent. And the speed and set up are great as well . But my favorite part is that it sync's with my windows 8 computer! Yes I recommend it to anyone, new or familiar with smart phones!Totally worth the wait I had to wait.... Only one issue is it doesn't blink when I have a notification so I feel like I'm constantly checking my phone for missed calls, texts, messages, etc...I purchased this device, after procuring a Microsoft Surface Pro (yes I gave up my iPad) and do not miss it at all! I love the phone, and works/communicates seamlessly with my Surface Pro. I personally feel the behavior and performance of the phone far exceeds the iPhone, and is a minimal cost. The only negative feedback, more apps please!It was exactly what I expected & wanted. ThanksWorks just like my old one used to work before it broke.The phone had scratches on the screen that was not visible in the pictures or stated in the description. It also had a crack in the flash. Would not have paid the price I did, if I had known I was getting a defective phone.Recieved mine with bad sim reader & broken sim tray returning will never buy from seller again second phone ive gotten that was crapIt doesn't do what I need it to do. In fact I think this phone was a waste of my money and I want another phone to replace it.Not able to get apps i likeOverall I love my Lumia 928. The UI is clean, smooth and easy to customize. The app store is constantly being updated, while it is lacking some of the more popular social apps, it has most business/ productive apps that one might need available. Normally I hate most auto corrects, but the auto correct for this phone is very smart and is even able to 'learn' what you type most often, and can even guess (generally very closely) the rest of a sentence you are typing. The one flaw with this phone is that there is a known defect that silences the person calling you. Things like blue tooth and speaker phone will still work, you just can't hold the phone up to your ear. This is an acknowledge defect and if you bring your phone in, you will be issued a like new refurbished phone for free. All in all I love this phone, but just know that the ear speaker may give out.Sound doesn't work properly sometimesOrdered refurbished Nokia Lumia 928 after my old one took a dive. I was sweating it arriving before I left on vacation, but it arrived on time and I was able to get it set up at the local Verizon store the afternoon before we left. This phone is great!Initially I was worried that this phone would be slower than it's 4 core Android counter parts. This phone only has 2. I was honestly surprised. It is as fast as any of my buddies Note 2s and even their new S4s. Speed to use this phone is really fast.I have been getting two days to a charge. Certainly better then the 2 hours with my old phone. Windows Phone and live tiles are great. Good bye Andriod.This phone is the best ,fast loading etc every thing about it is greatEven with fewer available apps than my old iPhone, this phone is so cool! I love the size, it fits my hand so well and the pictures it takes ate gorgeous!I like the phone, but it doesn't have a self timer on the camera. It is fast and easy to operate, but sometimes you feel limited on what apps you can get. Overall the phone is pretty nice for the price, and it does take nice pics.I Like pretty much everything about the phone, my only disappointment with the one i got was a got a good bit of dead pixels on a solid black background in the camera mode. very disappointed. It bugs me, even though its somewhat hard to tell.when trying to use the phone like it is advertise I.E. connecting e mails and documents from one device to another it is impossible to get information. There is no one place to go and when you get someone to help they look it up on some data base that is incomplete. There is no one I can find that has experience with the phone. One would think that Microsoft would have a number to call where the practical experience is.Awesome phone !Best windows phone from Verizon, by far. Big beautiful screen, camera with stunning photos, and the coolest OS ever. I brag about this phone regularly. Totally worth the penny price!!Needed a phone right away. This was a Convenient, quick and easy transaction. Completely satisfied and will use this option more often from now on!Audio jack decided to stop working after three days. Not an amazon issue but a design flaw.Cool device, nice choise ) I like it this Nokia Lumia 928. I want more colore this model. Greate MobileWindows phone OS and Nokia 928 hardware are very superior. Apps are not of that good quality. ex: Facebook App on iPhone is lot better.This phone is so fun once I figured it out. It takes great pictures. It is so easy to use.The Nokia Lumina l purchased from Amazon is performing perfectlyGreat phone, I cant see myself going with another device. I took my time on my upgrade with a rigorous comparison to all devices.Lumia 928 is so good, love the Lumia style. I can hold it one hand, excellent. PureView camera is pretty cool.This is a great product. It arrived in excellent condition and fully charged.This is the best damn phone out there.. period!! Great screen, sharp camera, amazing features. Could have better battery life, but hey, it's a smart phone. Get used to charging it every day. I don't get why Nokia/Microsoft don't push their product like the Samsung folks do. I bought it off Amazon because it was available at $0.99.It was broken.I am very happy with my Nokia 928 I wanted a Windows phone as I am familiar with Windows 8 & 8.1, and I am satisfied with my decision. As I learn all of the available features, I become more and more satisfied with my decision.Thin, light, big screen, and fun OS. No complaints so far. Works way better than the HTC phone it replaced.I love it! I am a Windows Phone fan, and this is the best one I have had so far!Great product....great os.i love nokia,it very good.every thing works good except text messaging.it is perfectI am not a I phone fan. I purchased the 928 because I believe it will serve my purpose. I like to take pictures and with this camera it is easy. I track e-mails also easy. The phone is some what intuitive and I am still in the process of learning all the new and different things I can do. I would recommend it over the I phone almost strictly for size and photosWe were pretty tied into Google apps, more than we thought. Many things are nice about the hardware and phone. If you already use Microsoft Live and other Office apps, then this would be a great choice.I never though I would go back to paying on a 2 year contract, but after my prepaid service decided to just stop working ( no reception at all) for 5 days straight, I decided this phone was more than worth it and I was right! Thanks Amazon, for offering it for .99 Cents the same week my phone service went crazy! It was meant to be!This phone is a good phone, with a good camera. However, I don't like the Windows Phone store, and Windows Phones 8. I can't find my needed apps on this. And the Verizon phone is very late by update the new operation system. But, I like the service of DealFisher. It's really amazing, I got the phone sooner than my expected. Good condition and good quality.Great phone when it works. Replaced 1st unit after 2 months. The speaker would go out randomly. 2nd unit being replaced now. Touchscreen freezes 90% of the time after 3 hard resets and unlimited soft resets.4 months of unhapinessi used nokia for last 10 years, tried other brands but always went back to nokia, but with this phone, i think i may never buy nokia again. - screen gets stuck, restart helps ( soft/hard with side buttons cause screens isnt responding) that happens about twice a month - unexpected restarts - once a month most of the time when dialing a call i have replaced one phone already but this one have same problems - phone is slow, more apps left open even slower - internet explorer suck balls and other apps are same bad - bigger files makes me kill myself - nokia music, what happened to play by folder ? useless - tiles sux, facebook have hourly delays some notifications comes days after - personalization - nonexistent Pros ? yeah few, wireless charger, sweet, fast and saves your usb outlet, camera very good quality screen very responsive and visible all the tome, little too big but i had N8 before and even dumb symbian was better that this windows,I accidentally throw the phone from almost 2 feet on the concrete. nothing happened except some minor scratch on the top right corner. I like the WP8 live tiles. they really save my time. the OS is very easy to use. the camera is really capable of getting good photos especially at night. I switched from my old android HTC incredible and I'm totally happy. My old phone was a nightmare which has ended right now...This phone is a dud. You can't sign in to accounts and it doesn't work. I personally think they should refund my money!Update. I finally returned my 928 after trying to make it work for 1 month, 2 factory resets(wiping your hard drive) and endless soft ones later(taking out your battery) plus one failed backup. My skydrive app failed also. AMZN even offered to extend my return period to 90 days. VZ's flagship 928 windows phone which arrived in mid May is now free with VZ. If you take photos, make calls send emails and are already set up with windows PC this phone will probably work great for you.WP8 is a very quick, user friendly and customizable platform, when it works . The 928 is a very nice looking phone that takes awesome low light photos.Few Nokia apps are top notch. I would rate Nokia's nav app Heredrive right up there with goggle maps Otherwise windows store apps and platform are buggie. Windows store app reviews are fiction. MapQuest got me lost twice while I was waiting for it to provide me with its advertised voice activated, turn by turn nav app that adjusts to drivers route. Its does none of those. 2 emails to MapQuest customer service on this issue went unanswered . 928 battery life, update and audio issue posts are all over windows forums. Nokia put a high performance speaker in this phone but there are no settings to adjust bass. When a song with lots of bass comes on you get that blown speakers sound. Otherwise audio is 5 star. Advice. Do not contact VZ windows tech support; total waste of time.Go to wpcentral or Microsoft community forums for support Twice I went to VZ stores with windows questions. Both times they tried to push android/i phones on me even a set of $200 blue-tooth speakers to help me deal with my windows issues. I walked out store both times. You may as well be speaking Chinese when you say word windows to them. Was all marketing I'm afraid. VZ gets to sell 2 yr contracts to people looking for windows, works out great, doesn't they flip those people into a 2 yr android/iphonesthe camera doesn't workA pretty great phone, but I regret not getting the icon.Phone is ok. OS is good. But Apps ecosystem is pretty much nonexistent. Can't even upload videos to YouTube after taking a video on the phone cameraSays like new, however, the volume up button doesn't even work and I also have to buy a close to $100 for an sd card since it can't do anything without it....I have been a Nokia phone fan since I got my first cell phone. Which was a Nokia. I was thrilled when they finally introduced there smartphone. I am still learning all the things I can do with my phone, but for now I am enjoying the process.Phone advertised as unlocked, but wouldn't receive texts on any other network. Then, the speaker stopped working after a couple weeks due to a defect. Never again.Very fast, not too big, not too small. Very responsive, feels very nice and smooth in hand. Nice to be the only one in the room with this phone and already has around 6-7 converts.I really wanted to like this phone. I've been a long time Android user but was hoping to get everything under the Microsoft roof (Office 365 etc). To its credit, the set up was easy. I made and received a few calls and found the voice quality was not as good as my Android phone, but acceptable. The big shock came when I went to my call history to check the duration of a call and could not find it. A lengthy call to Verizon tech support and a quick internet search confirmed my fear that the call duration feature was not available! This is a very basic feature I have had on every cell phone since the dawn of the cell phone era! I think Microsoft get's unfairly picked on quite a bit, but this is a blunder that is inexcusable. Even worse, the Windows Phone user forums have been BEGGING for this feature for YEARS!!! My business relies heavily on the call time and duration from the call history because that's how I get paid. Seriously Microsoft, you need to learn to walk before you can fly! The lack of call duration was a deal breaker for me and I had to return the Nokia Lumia 928.This was one of the worst purchases I have ever made!!!!! We haven't even had the phone a month and it quit working. I will never buy a Nokia again!Buttons tough to locate; restricted functionality outside of US; can't use Access Point. No FM. Good call clarity. A tad heavy, but not bad.This phone is super fragile and has multiple software glitches. I shouldn't have to soft reset a phone every other day.I wanted to try out this phone after having an iphone for so long. I received the phone with a crack on it, the camera wouldn't open up, the flash didn't work and then slowly the apps wouldn't open. I had to repeat myself at least 10 times through email to the owners to try and get a refund.It is too sad to sale a product that can be active :(Where do I start. The Speaker works sporadically. And after 6 months doesn't work at all. So I sent the phone into Nokia, and the monkeys in the service shop can't find a problem. Garbage, But it has a nice camera. 1 star for the camera. Stay Away.The apps available suck and they never work. I'm even having a hard time writing this review. Worst phone I ever owned and I like windows phone's except this oneA User Review on the Nokia Lumia 928. Got my Nokia 928 a few days ago. First, overall the phone is GREAT and I would recommend it to anyone. IMO it is the Best Windows Phone to date. I will also say that in comparison to the other Operating System's; Android and iOS, Windows Phone 8 OS is better and faster in my opinion. Of course that is Subjective. Everyone has his or her preference as to the features, apps, size, style, color and specs of a phone that work for them and that's just fine. My sister likes the iphone 5 and it works just fine for here. My younger brother likes Android ICS and it works fine for him. The point is, I nor anyone else has to convince each person that they should buy a particular Phone. Having said that this is just a review for anyone not sure of Windows Phone 8. The Pros and the Cons. Pros: 1. The Operating System: The Windows Phone 8 OS is smooth fast and responsive. It runs faster on a lower processor than a newer Android's faster quad processor. The point is, it doesn't have to have 4 or more processors to run smoother and faster. Though I have not had it longer the 8 days as of this review I nor the persons I know who have a WP8, have not experienced the lags, bugs and many reboots I have had with Android Phones and Tablets. I didn't like the Windows Tiles when I first heard or seen them in pictures, but expect for the plain colors (you eventually get use to them) they work great. The Live Tiles update you on all the info you need on one screen without having to click on a bunch of different apps Mail, Facebook, Weather, Agenda, Calender, Messaging are all updated right on the front screen. You can customize the look, size, color of your Tiles and change them with ease. 2. The Camera: This has to be one of the best cameras on a Phone. You will not be disappoint on the pictures it takes in daylight or low light. Nokia is hyping up this Camera and I have to agree. The Camera alone is a good reason to get this phone. 3. Call Quality is good: Both calling and receiving. The speaker on it is loud and clear. 4. The Display is great with the AMOLED Display. It makes the screen sharp and clear and great even it sunlight. The Size at 4.5 inches is also a nice size, not too big and not too small. 5. Xenon Flash: Brighter and better Flash as found on some standalone cameras. 6. HD 1080p recording with great noise canceling mics. Also has front Facing 1.2MP camera. 7. 32 GB internal storage 8. 4G Network: I haven't had the chance to fully test it yet, but my pages load super-fast and my downloads are fast as well. 9. Battery: Battery usage for a smartphone is Good. It also has wireless charging. 10. APPS: There is a lot of criticism with this OS and lack of apps. This area is where people have to put things in the right prospective. Yes iOS and Android has more Apps than WP8. I have to laugh a little when this argument is brought up. First who downloads that many apps? Second putting thing in the right prospective, iOS and Android is 5years old. Developers have had plenty of time to make apps. Windows Phone is going on 3years old with Window Phone 8 being only 6 months old with over 145,000 to date. Most of the top apps or equivalent is available right now on the WP store, with more being added as the months go buy. The point is, it took both Android and Apple years to get to the app count they have now. Besides most of the apps on those system or useless apps that don't say on a phone for long yet alone even make it to ones phone. Again my point is most of the main or equivalent apps that people use are either on the store or in development. If Windows Phone 8 sells great(and I think it will) more apps will come faster. Anyway Nokia has a set of apps that make this phone stand out itself, Nokia Music, Nokia City Lens: Nokia Maps, Nokia Drive. There are plenty of other apps that make this a great pick. Cons: 1. No External Storage. I think Nokia made a mistake here. Even though it has an internal 32 gig storage( 23G usable) they should have made room for external storage. I like having my music, videos and some data on a storage card so I am not tied to a computer or downloading data on a cell or wifi. I almost didn't get the phone because if this. 2. No removable battery. I am a heavy user, both personal and work. I like having a couple of charged batteries to throw in when I just can't charge. 3. Lack of Apps? I put this here because in comparison to the other two OS's, WP8 does have less apps, however I think I make a good point above as to why this is not a good reason to not buy this Phone. 4. No FM Radio: other Nokia Phones have the radio turned on. Though I heard that it can be turned on in a firmware update. 5. No Etiquette: My own personal preference; a feature that mutes the phone when you face it down. 6. Wish it had a stylus for notes: My own personal preference 7. No Swype Keyboard: My own personal preference 8. Unless I am wrong, No Video output to TV. Ok so for what it is worth, this is just an opinion for a user and not a article writer, and Yes I have had both Android and Iphone.I purchased my phone on May 16th, release date, and have enjoyed it ever since. Beautiful, clear screen. Amazing pictures. Terrific sound from the speaker and solid smooth system. I know it doesnt have all the apps that Apple or Android have, but it has enough to cover most, if not all, task that you want to do. Battery life is terrific. Used my phone for a memorial day BBQ and family and friends were amazed at the pictures i took when compared to the shoots taken with Iphone 5's and Android phones by others. I am not a true fan boy for Windows, but am happy to say that my Nokia Lumia 928 is a great phone. No issues like what i had with my 2010 AT&T HTC Desire phone and I dont get bored with it, like I do with my wife's old Iphone 4 - wife has left Iphone for a Galaxy S4 because she was bored with IPhone also, almost got the Lumia 928, but didnt want to be the same as me, but she is still a little jealous that my phone take better pics than her new Galaxy, but I think they both do a great job.I've had two Android smartphones in the past... 1) The original Motorola Droid & 2) The Droid Bionic. Here's the stuff about Droid that drove me to Windows Phone 8... **Battery life - crazy bad to the point where I had to install the extended battery and cover (also true of my friend's Samsung phones). **Connection issues - 4G showing up in the display and the phone telling me during a navigation session "Data Connection Lost". Really? I'm navigating somewhere... now what? **Random reboots - Oh yeah, never during a call but I'd be in the middle of web browsing session only to have the phone reboot itself. **Browser crashes - happened all the time. **4G to WiFi to 4G transition - a nightmare. I'd have to turn off WiFi, wait a couple of seconds, and then turn it back on. **Bloatware and the inability to delete Verizon apps. There were a LOT of unused apps, taking up space, that I would have loved to delete if I could. **Cost - $299 w/2-year contract renewal. Comparison to the Nokia 928 **Battery life - you can't change the battery but you really don't have to. It lasts all day with power to spare **Connection issues - there are none. **Random reboots - never happens. As a matter of fact, I haven't had to manually reboot this phone for any reason whatsoever. **Browser crashes - none **4G to WiFi to 4G transitions - smooth as anything - there's no interruption in the data flow. **Bloatware - I actually LIKE the apps that came with this phone especially Nokia Drive, HERE Maps, HERE City Lens, and all the Nokia photo apps. The one "already installed" app I wouldn't use, ESPN, was easily erased. **Cost - $99 w/2-year contract renewal. Notable features of the 928 & Windows Phone 8... Beautiful display Easy OS - One screen for shortcuts (tiles) and one screen that lists ALL the programs. Great camera - pretty good low light photos, beautiful daytime photos, and a bunch of creative photo apps from Nokia that are fun and impressive Call quality - very good; no complaints Processor speed - very smooth; no lag Live tiles - not the "nightmare" that I've heard of... some are kind of cool, some are functional. All in all a nice feature to have. Navigation - works without an active data connection (map file is pre-installed). Apps - This seems to be a huge issue for some people. Are there less apps available for WP8?, yes. Do I care?, not really. Why?, there really hasn't been an app that I wanted I couldn't find, or find an acceptable substitute. I have Facebook, Skype, Open Table, Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, etc. More apps are being made available daily. I found a decent tip calculator, a Drop-Box & You-Mail interface that's fully functional, and a bunch of games. I know there's a zillion apps for Android and Apple IOS, but most of them are crappy or repetitive (how many flashlight apps do you need anyway?). Oh by the way, all the apps I downloaded and installed were freebies. Thing I don't like about the phone... **Volume control... there's seems to be one control that affects everything (ringer, notifications, alarm, media, etc.) A minor annoyance, but I would like to have more controls. **No FoxFi (I didn't use free WiFi tethering THAT often, but now I'll have to deal with its absence). Conclusion... I don't miss the Android OS at all. There were too many issues with it for me to continue using it. I was waiting for this phone to come out on Verizon and I'm glad I did. It's not perfect, but it works really well. Even though there are less apps than Android, they seem to be better written (more polished, more functionality, etc.) and there hasn't been anything I needed or wanted that I couldn't find. I can't believe I got this newly released phone for $99. If you're in the market for a new phone, don't listen to the FANatics, think for yourself, and take a good look at this phone.The phone: It functions like a smartphone, it can call, text, and use the internet. The physical body is thick with sharp edges, I personally like that but most phone addicts hate it since you can't hold it for hours at a time. In the package was the phone... that's it, no charger or anything. It had a small scratch, hair thick, 2 millimeters long. There are 3 buttons, camera, volume, and power. Its camera is old but still works well, the flash will blind people. The amoled screen type has no angular distortion of color but if you display a color too long or frequently it can "burn" the screen. Charging port on top and a headphone jack too, yay, screw you apple! The Operating System: It's WP 8, upgrade-able to 8.1. The app store is barren and most apps for this OS are no longer maintained or functioning. It has a lot of trouble with VPN connection due to the dev team being from microsoft, microsoft + mobile = worthless abandoned trash. It still uses Internet Explorer, no longer has security updates and since it has malware designed for it, you will forever be vulnerable to it. What can it do: It can call, text, use windows store apps (only), use the internet, connect to most microsoft services, etc. What it can not do: You can not effectively transfer files between this device and a PC, it does not have mass storage mode enabled, files put onto the phone this way will not be seen by the phone or visa versa (You have to transfer over bluetooth). You can not unlock the bootloader or obtain hardware root. This modal can not do that yet, and given its age, it never will. Other modals like a 520 or 920 can be unlocked through crack tools (so you can put a custom ROM on it) but you have to make the drivers and ROM yourself, no one wanted to make images for this, not even the Linux teams. Summary: This phone, as of now, is a mobile phone that can use a browser for music, searching, videos, and a few other things. If you want to torrent on the go, you can, but if you are THAT kind of torrenter, the fact a VPN drops constantly will be the end of you. If you are a microsoft fan, you'll love it and the windows store apps, if not, then... you'll regret your purchase... unless you got it for $30 like myself. Don't pay a high price for a microsoft phone, no exceptions...I find this phone heavy and very awkward to hold due to the square corners and buttons relatively low on the right side. Unfortunately this resulted in my dropping the phone several times, which eventually shattered the entire screen. However, long before the phone was ever dropped, it had some issues: 1) Poor call signal with any case on the phone. - I was instructed to remove the case (tried 3 different ones) because every time I put one on, the signal and call quality dropped significantly 2) Microsoft tech support finally confirmed this one: the Windows OS automatically modulates the master volume - so every time it goes to sleep or is turned fully off, the volume resets itself to 13/30 (was 19 then went down after an update) - volume adjusts itself down if it thinks you're listening to something that is too loud (i.e. to protect your hearing) - unfortunately the volume on the entire phone goes down, so you have nearly inaudible phone calls, alarms, ringers etc. 3) In addition to the automatic volume modulation (which is irritating even for someone like me with good hearing), my Nokia Lumia 928 would decrease the volume (audibly), but the volume setting still said 30/30 (this is not a Windows "feature," and is a problem) - no matter how many times you turned the volume down then back up again, it still stayed at a low volume (even though it said 30/30) - the only solution to this was to turn the phone completely off and back on again, at which time it would display the true volume (13/30) and could be turned back up - except that the volume went right back down the minute it went to sleep or was turned off. 4) After 2 months of use, calls could no longer be heard reliably through the handset (i.e. had to use speakerphone or Bluetooth at all times). - I would call someone/receive a call and hear nothing until I turned on the speakerphone 5) After 3 months of use, the phone randomly would not place or receive phone calls despite good signal, and would randomly fail to send/receive texts. - this problem never happened when hooked to Bluetooth for some reason. 6) Phone repeatedly disconnected from certain wifi without picking it back up, even though the secure username and password had been entered - had to manually hook to some wifi every single time 7) The screen orientation randomly got stuck on vertical - so at times, I could not take or rotate pictures/videos/internet anything to the horizontal position All that said, the call quality is good if you can make or receive calls. The screen looks great, and this phone takes beautiful pictures with an outstanding flash for a phone. A major plus compared to many phones is that the Nokia Lumia still has an actual button for taking pictures/videos. Unfortunately this button is right where you need to grip the phone for doing anything other than taking pictures. Although heavy and fairly thick, its narrower than many phones. The wireless charging is a nice bonus, although I would rather give up this feature if the phone could be lighter. Overall, I suspect that the Windows OS is responsible for some of the glitches with this phone. So perhaps the Windows 8.1 update will fix some of the problems. Unfortunately, I dropped my phone before I could send it for warranty service, so I had to buy a new phone. I would probably not recommend this Nokia unless you mainly email and take pics/vids, but dont talk on the phone or listen to music much. All together, I spent at least 20 cumulative hours on the phone or chatting with various tech supports (Verizon, Nokia, Microsoft) dealing with this phone's issues over the 8 months that I had it. I got a Samsung windows phone yesterday, and you guessed it, the volume still automatically goes down since it's the Windows OS.I like the idea of a Windows phone, with its cross functionality with Microsoft Office for work functions, but...... there were just too many apps that I rely on missing from the store, so I had to return it. I owned this for all of about 15 minutes.I wanted to try the W8 phones out because honestly, I just wanted to try something new. I was a little bored with my Android phone(though otherwise very happy) and not ready to jump to the Iphone since it was the same thing I had been doing with my ipod touch for years. I first tried the HTC 8x as I was a very satisfied HTC android user. The phone was beautiful but I didnt really like the feel of it in my hands, it dropped calls terribly, and some of the software that I was use to having for free on my Android device, such as the turn by turn voice navigation, just wasn't there, and the camera was just serviceable. I had a few other qualms with it that were really making me consider jumping back to Android.I looked at the BBz10 (nice phone but a little complicated) and the Samsung S4 ( wasn't available yet on Verizon), and the HTC One ( would have gotten this but it is not a Verizon phone). I also though of waiting to see what the next Iphone would look like but as it was like just to be a 5s, I couldn't imagine it being exciting enough to make me jump to that platform. Then this phone came out to good reviews. So I decided to try it out. I have to admit that I am surprisingly happy with this phone. Everything that I didn't like in the HTC 8x is improved with this phone. Nokia just has more software, and that sofware makes the user experience. Also I think call quality is superior and I have only had 1 dropped call since I have had this phone. The camera is very good as well. So far, the only thing I would change would be to round the edges slightly and to take the weight down a little more. Other then that, I am a pretty happy Nokia W8 phone user. Happy enough to want to see what the next operating system update will add to the phone. Happy enough to stick with w8 platform until I can see what is the next great thing Android and Apple comes out with. I don't know about os loyalty at this point but I'm more than satisfied with this phone.I bought this phone off of Verizon prepaid and have loved it since day one of getting in the mail! I think that this phone is one of the best of the Windows Phone OS because of the specs that it has is enough to get everything done in blazing speeds while also not sacrificing battery life at all. Speed (10/10) I rate this phone a 10 in the speed category because of the great making of the OS (Windows Phone 8.1 DP) It has the perfect amount of RAM (1 GB) and it has a pretty fast processor as well (1.5 GhZ dual-core) This is a great combination because it doesn't even need this much specs to run smoothly, granted having 1gb of RAM gives you more choice in the app store in terms of games. Gaming (10/10) I am not rating this in terms of choice of games in the app store, I am rating this in terms of the smoothness of the games that you can get. Every game that I have for this phone, including Asphalt 8: Airborne which is a very high graphic racing game, runs extremely smooth. I have not ran into an extreme frame rate drop at all in any game that I have played on this phone. Sound Quality (9/10) The sound quality on this phone is amazing, even without the Dolby audio enhancing feature. My only problem with the Dolby enhancing is the quality of it at high volumes. It makes the music sound a little worse after 20 volume. I love it at any other volume. The sound quality through the speaker is extremely loud at the highest volume but it loses it's clarity around the 15 mark. It is nice for speakerphone and I have no problem hearing them. Call Quality (10/10) I have only had one phone call on this phone because I am mainly a texter. I have to say though... The noise cancellation for my side is amazing! I was in a moving car on a highway and the other person didn't have any problem hearing me at all. The sound quality for receiving was great as well. I didn't have any problems hearing them. Display (10/10) This is a 720p phone but I can never tell the difference between a 720p and a 1080p phone so 720p is perfect for this phone to keep the price down. The blacks on this phone are literally pitch black and gives off no light at all which is one of the features that this phone provides. The other colors are extremely vibrant and that works perfectly with the design of the Windows Phone 8.1 OS Camera (10/10) I have to say... This is one of the best phone cameras I have ever had. The 8.7 mp sensor is amazing. It captures all of the colors and produces them beautifully. The xenon flash makes it a great night time camera and it even captures light pretty well without the flash. The native camera app, Nokia Camera, is the best camera ever and even beats all of the camera apps you can get on Android. The lenses, which are just separate camera apps, are amazing in their own parts. They can do as much as create a 360 degree photo or do as little as have more filters to choose from in live time. Thank you for reading this review and I hope this influences your choice on whether to buy this phone or not.How do I put this- let me see... I got this phone in summer of 2013 and ever since regretted that decision. Let me start from the beginning: When I got the phone everything was fine, everything worked and I really loved the phone. I deliberately chose the windows operating system, hoping that the dire application- situation would resolve over time. Boy did I not know what was coming, hahaha. A month or so after I got the phone I had the first crack in the display. Nothing major, in the corner, but I did not drop the phone and was generally unaware what might have caused that crack. A few months later the speaker stopped working properly- The volume would jump up and down during phone and speaker mode which made it pretty much impossible to use the phone. Eventually it got so bad that the speaker would not come on at all- people could hear me, but not the other way around. I sent the phone in to Verizon- they promised to send me a replacement; well, I ended up having to pay for that replacement because of the crack- $400, if I remember correctly. Again learned something. I got the replacement phone- which has a small crack again and the speaker won't work anymore, again. So same as before: Stuck with a broken phone, can't get a replacement because of a tiny crack (which I belive was, this time, caused by my key chain in my COAT pocket bouncing against the phone in my PANTS pocket. And it won't charge properly any more. Additionally- the app solution has not resolved and I do not have the impression that Microsoft is trying to change that. Two stars because the camera is awesome and I love the Windows operating system. I've had many Nokia phones so far, and I always had bad experiences- so, no more Nokia in the future.Nokia's Lumia 928 is pretty much the big high end Windows Phone 8 phone right now. As such, it's unsurprisingly a pretty great phone. Nokia's always been known for good reception. The screen is high quality and a pretty nice size (I'm increasingly leaning towards liking even larger screens, but 4.5" isn't bad). It's got tech in it for dealing with sun glare, and is supposed to work even if you're wearing gloves (though I haven't tried, since...well, it's 85 degrees out!) The CPU/GPU/RAM are all high end. (You can get quad core CPUs on high end Android phones, but I've found Windows Phone 8 seems to be a much faster OS-it feels fast even on the low end Nokia 521, much less this 928, and I doubt much software actually takes advantage of more than 2 cores on mobile devices like this) It's also got a great camera-apparently the best low light performance of any phone. CNET's pictures show it clearly better than even HTC's One or Apple's iPhone 5, and it absolutely destroys Samsung's Galaxy S4. The camera even has a xenon flash, which is incredibly rare for a phone. One of the things I love about both iOS and Windows Phone 8 as compared to Android is how the OS doesn't come mucked up by a third party skin running over the top, like most android phones do. Besides giving phones a consistent interface, this also means Windows Phones can get updates faster-the updates don't have to be customized so much for every phone, the way they do for most Android devices. Instead of obnoxious custom skins, Windows Phone manufacturers are allowed to include custom programs, either on the phone, or available in the "app" store, which only run on that manufacturer's phones. Nokia by far has the most and best programs available for their phones. My favorite by far is Nokia's "drive" program, which is basically the equivalent of TomTom's software on iOS or Android, only Nokia gives it to you free. Maps get installed on the phone itself, so you don't waste data doing navigation, and navigation works even if you don't have a data connection. I'm not sure that Nokia's program is as good as TomTom's, but it still works pretty well, and is an amazing bonus for free! I personally like Windows Phone 8 quite a bit. I think WP8's start screen is quite a bit better than iOS or Android's. "Tiles" are kind of the equivalent of program icons on iOS or Android, but there are three tile sizes. You can also pin things like individual contacts to the start screen as a tile. In my case there are two people I contact most often, so I have both pinned as tiles right on the start screen, and any calls or texts or emails from them show up on the tiles, separately from the main phone or texting program. Things like that make Windows Phone really customizable compared to the competition. "Live tiles" are kind of neat too, although mostly the Weather Channel program is the only one that I use that actually updates with anything particularly useful (since programs on iOS can update with the number of new texts/voicemails, etc. also). From the start screen, a quick swipe to the left pulls up an alphabetical list of all programs installed on the phone. The interface is generally just very intuitive and clean. The email, texting, web browser, etc. are all good too. Pretty intuitive, fast, and work like you'd expect. There are a lot of there little things I like about WP8 too. The lock screen can use the Bing Desktop picture-like a smaller version of the same picture you can get on a Windows PC every day can just automatically gets used as your lock screen, which is a LOT more interesting and appealing than what Android and iOS do. Even the way the lock screen kind of bounces is intuitive and appealing. It's just small things here and there that really make Windows Phone pleasant to use, particularly compared to Android...it just feels a lot faster and more intuitive. I had a funny moment a week ago where my friend's android phone's network connection was refusing to work, while I'm just talking to my phone to pull up movie listings. I felt like we were in some kind of Windows Phone ad lol One thing I DON'T like about WP8-for whatever reason, the time and reception bars at the top tend to be hidden more often than on iOS. I suppose Microsoft's thinking is that that gives you more screen real-estate. True, and maybe it's just psychological, but I prefer seeing the reception bars, battery, and time up there most of the time. A quick swipe down from the top, but still. iOS programs CAN hide that bar, but most programs (outside of games or full screen video) tend to leave it up there. The other oddity-for some reason there's no way to lock screen orientation. That can be useful (for example) to prevent the screen from rotating if you're lying in bed and trying to read something. I think individual programs can include screen orientation lock though. Also, for me, iOS handles podcasts FAR better than anything else. Android has no native podcast ability at all, and there's no good way to manage podcasts on a PC and sync, like what iTunes gives you. Windows Phone 8 is better, though still nowhere near as good as iOS. WP8 has podcast management built in to the phone-you can subscribe to stuff, have it auto-download when you're on Wifi, etc. Problem is, there's still not a great way to sync it with a PC if you want to. Files can be manually copied between a PC and windows phone just like to any drive, and Microsoft does have a pretty nice, easy to use "Windows Phone" program for syncing files (available as both a Windows 8 "app", and a more full featured desktop version for any version of Windows). That program even lets you synchronize with iTunes if you want to, but in my experience it's not flawless, the way it would be syncing an iPod/iphone, at least for podcasts. Playback position doesn't get saved right. Play counts don't seem to work quite right, etc. At least it runs well...honestly every single Android syncing equivalent has been a mess, often even containing malware, and never working right. At least this desktop program is light weight, easy to use, and built by Microsoft. I think MAYBE if you ONLY wanted to have podcasts on your phone, then Windows Phone would work roughly as well as an iPhone. Or of course if you only care about syncing music, it should work just fine. I don't like the Windows Phone media player as well as iOS', but still, it more or less gets the job done as you'd expect, and has lock screen controls like iOS, etc. (I do wonder if the 8.1 update coming later this year will make some of this stuff even better). I'll mention that while Windows Phone lags behind iOS and Android in terms of the total number of programs available, I've actually found more programs on it I care about than on Android. Most of the "big" stuff seems to be here. A lot of the same games are available, although iOS is still best for that. (It is cool that games can have achievement points just like Xbox and PC games.) I'm sure it'll keep getting better, but really most everything I want is already available, though obviously that may not be the case for everyone. It's worth mentioning that when you download programs for Android, Google gives out your personal info to the developer. Microsoft (and I guess Apple?) don't, which I appreciate, and which is another reason I like Windows Phone better than Android for programs. I'll probably think of other things to say about it all, but bottom line is I mostly really love my Nokia Lumia 928, and mostly love Windows Phone 8. I really wish it could match iOS for podcast support, but for the most part it's pretty awesome, and well worth considering.I decided to get this phone after updating my iPhone 4s to iOS7. I didn't like the iOS7 update at all, and I was already ready for a change of scenery. I needed a smartphone so my choices came down to an Android phone or a Windows Phone (since I had seen the trouble Blackberry had been having). Many of my friends have Android phones and they always complain about random things going wrong with it or just a laggy experience in general. Maybe there's an Android phone out there for me, but after talking to my friends, I decided to look elsewhere. When I started reading about Windows Phone, it seemed like many of the tech review sites were mostly negative. They'd say a few nice things about a Windows Phone, but then they'd go on to talk about how it doesn't stack up to iPhone and Android phones. In my experience using my new Lumia 928, I've gotta say I only find it lacking in battery life (which may be because I've been playing with it constantly since I've gotten it. I have a feeling I'll make it from sun up to sun down once the shine wears off a bit. Pros: Windows Phone interface is clean. The live tiles are a refreshing change of pace from the boring icons that I was used to on iOS. The camera is great on this phone. If you get this phone, make sure and use the Nokia Pro Camera app. I have been delighted with the quality of pictures I can get from this phone, and I was already pretty happy with the job the iPhone 4s did. This wins hands down. Fast. I don't know how they did it, but they made this system run very smoothly and with great speed. Apps load quickly on this phone and the transition animations don't feel like they are covering up lag like other phones I've used. Nokia Apps. Nokia did a really good job of creating apps that make this experience a great one. Nokia Pro Camera, Nokia Creative Studio, NOKIA MUSIC (HELLO!), Nokia Here Maps, Nokia Here City Lens, etc are really great, high quality apps that make this phone stand out over even other Windows phones. Cons: Learning Curve. If you've never had a smartphone before, I don't think the learning curve will be too bad. A lot of the interface is very intuitive. However, coming from iOS, I had to give myself a good 2 days of getting familiar with the phone before my head stopped spinning completely. :) It's just a different way of doing things, and I'm glad that I stuck with it. Battery life. I'm really hoping my battery will get me through to bed time once I start using it normally like I used my iPhone. I plan to get a wireless charger for my desk at work though just in case I get in a pinch. Apps. If you like Pinterest, you're not going to find it on this phone just yet (Sept. 2013). All of the apps I used on my iPhone are on my Lumia so I'm good on that. However, if you always want the newest app on the day it comes out, you'll need to stick with iOS or Android in some cases. Don't count the Windows Phone app selection out though. YOu really should look for yourself. Wrap Up: I'm sincerely delighted to have this phone in my possession. I never enjoyed the iPhone for the 14-15 months that I had it. Don't get me wrong. The phone did just about everything I wanted it to do. I just didn't enjoy it. Using this phone is a pleasure, and it's going to take something really special from another company to pull me away from Windows Phone. UPDATE: My issues with battery life are no more! I get through the whole day with the phone now with normal use. There's some juice left over at the end of the day, but I charge it every night so it'll be full for the following day. I stream music and videos a lot on my phone, and I use it constantly at work for email and calls, so I'm really pleased to see that I get through the day with it.This is my second Lumia 928. I've owned them since a month after they came out. It's the first smartphone I've ever owned. I loved it so much that I bought a replacement for it after dropping my first one. Here are my experiences with the Lumia 928 as a female graduate student studying computer science and young professional software engineer living in Southern California. CAMERA The camera is amazing. It pretty much replaced my Canon point and shoot cameras because its camera is up to par with some of the digital cameras out there. I have friends who own iPhones and Galaxy 3s/4s who ask my camera to be the one used for photos since the pictures turn out so great! WINDOWS 8.1 FEATURES I've also recently signed up for the Windows 8.1 preview and I'm loving my phone even more now that. I'm able to have 3 columns of the large tiles on my screen. It was the reason I didn't get the Lumia Icon after breaking my first 928. Cortana is great, but she's in Beta, so she's not fully complete. I love that she can give reminders when you leave locations. I set her up so that if I ever leave my apartment, she reminds me "Don't spend money!" It's helped. :) APP MARKET Built-in apps I love: Cortana, Data Sense, Calendar The app market has also gotten better since I got my first 928 in 2013. Official and 3rd party apps for popular apps I use of have used: Mint, Facebook, Twitter, GroupMe, LinkedIn, OpenTable, 6tag (beautiful Instagram app, better than the official), 6snap (Snapchat app from the maker of 6tag), Skype, Yelp, Bank Of America, Pinsation (Pinterest), MyFitnessPal, Bing Health & Fitness (way better than MyFitnessPal), NFL Mobile Official, Office, OneNote, OneDrive, Waze, Adobe Reader, Beem Plus (DI.FM Radio) GasBuddy, Tapatalk, Star Wars: Tiny Death Star, WP Central. Even the Podcast selection is pretty good. I'm a trance nerd, so I managed to find Armin van Buuren, Paul van Dyk, Markus Schulz, Above & Beyond, tyDi, Morgan Page, Paul Oakenfold and Christopher Lawrence. I usually download an episode from each podcast and I'm good to go on my drive to work. :) Other apps I use and love: MoneyControl (personal spending tracker), DesignMe (a cute personal planner), 6.27AM (an adorable time, alarm and weather app), Phototastic, Yelp, DivvyUp (an amazing split check itemizer), Day Counter (very intuitive countdown app), Emergency Kit (beautiful app for your personal/medical needs from the makers of Day Counter), LC (menstrual period calendar/journal), Snes8x (Super Nintendo emulator). SURFACE PRO COMPATILIBITY It syncs up perfectly with my Surface Pro. All my images and videos are automatically synced to both devices via OneDrive (formerly SkyDrive) I also plan on making Windows Phone apps, which makes it that much better to have a Surface Pro for programming and emulating. SUMMARY This phone is a solid phone if it fits your needs. For me, my most important needs were: - Amazing camera, - Facebook, Instagram, Twitter support (especially for uploading awesome pictures) - Productivity and money management - Podcasts for Trance music! - Microsoft Office support - Banking apps (still needs Discover!) Things I didn't really need: - Games If you aren't too into game apps but are looking for a solid, quick phone that is aesthetically pleasing and has a lot of the mainstream apps you need to go about your day to day, this phone will more the meet your expectations. Thanks for reading! (:This is the second WP8 phone I've used (the first also being a NokiaNokia 822, Black (Verizon Wireless)) and I've been blown away by the stability and smoothness of the OS. I've run this now for just over a month and only had to reset (power + down volume) 3 times when the OS froze after I asked too much. And I tried to hang the OS! Contrast this to iOS and Android where resets are normative, particularly on Android. Here are my observations: +Verizon's LTE blazes on this phone. I've run up to 8 other devices off of Hotspot and each device has run at multiple MBPS simultaneously. On tests, I've been routinely in the 6-10 MBPS down AND upload speeds. That's faster than most home networks. And unlike cable, which can peak higher, this service was consistent all times of the day. +Nokia's apps are the best. Here Drive+ (plus is free on Nokia phones) is a great driving app and works as good or better than iOS or Google's options. Here City Lens is an amazing app that adds augmented reality to your camera view - say you want to see where you can eat around you. Hold up your phone, select this app, and all the possibly destinations show up on your screen in the direction you are looking. If you find the one you want you can select it and then navigate to it. Nokia also does a great job of filling app vacuums with their own versions of the apps; they create third party apps like CNN, Groupon, FIFA 13, ESPN Fantasy Football, and so on. +The camera is amazing at 8.7 MP and looks even better thanks to the lenses. Nokia and Microsoft's camera apps make this already impressive camera even better. It can do everything that iOS, Android and even Blackberry 10 can do and most of it better. Panorama, Nokia's Cinemagraph (it makes gif like images where you select which parts of the photo to animate), Smart Shoot, and Photsynth are very well done apps all done by Microsoft and Nokia. Photo adjustment apps thrive with the great camera. The free Fotor is great for editing as well. +The OS is smooth, doesn't hang, doesn't freeze and multitasks as good as or better than any of the other OSs. +The Xbox integration is great. I love the games available and I love that many have Xbox achievements. If you are in to Xbox you'll want this. I can't tell you how many hours I played Shuffleboard to get the last achievement! I love Carcassonne, Civilization Revolution, and many of the Microsoft exclusive games available. +Almost all the apps I need are available on WP8. Facebook, Evernote, LinkedIn, Twitter, My Fitness Pal are all first party apps. Other companies have done a fine job of bringing over other apps until the official ones are made. So I still have access to Pinterest, Wordpress, Vine, Google Play Music, Instagram, and my banks. +I love the integration in the ME tile with Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn. It gives me quick ways to see and share with all my friends and acquaintances. -Battery life on the 928 is no better than your average Android phone. Some Windows Phones do have better battery life but not this one. However, it is not worse than any Android either. Just have a charger nearby. Especially for gaming. -Games are too expensive. Some very basic games, like Monopoly from EA, are normal price $4.99. Most of the games are free or a dollar, like all the Angry Bird and Cut the Rope games, but some are way overpriced. I expect this to change as more games come out. And to be clear, some are worth it. Plants vs Zombies is worth $4.99 and Order & Chaos is worth $6.99 (same as on the other OSs.) -Some obscure apps are not yet available. I really miss Sketchbook Pro (Android) for drawing, but the very well done Fresh Paint app by Microsoft is great for painting. -As of this review, there aren't a ton of great protection options. I've used three different cases and none are as good as an Otterbox. I spoke to an Otterbox rep this week and they were unclear when one would be coming. They don't historically make Nokia cases. But as this phone model continues to sell and Nokia gains back market share I expect this to change. This is a great phone for techie people, gamers, photogs, and for those who just want a phone that works. You'll love the simplicity of the OS and how easy it is to do what you do most.PROS: - crisp display (and it is quite large) - slim design (thin even with a case) - exterior speaker is loud and high-quality - lengthy battery (If I charge it during the night, it lasts up until about 6 in the afternoon with normal to heavy use) - very nice camera with effects included (panorama and other filters; superior flash as well) - browsing speed is very fast CONS: - app store is very limited if you are used to the Apple app store - my device has a habit of freezing on the lock screen every so often, although this may be caused by an app I have installed and thus may not be a problem for every 928. (If you find yourself in this situation (and you will notice that the battery in this device is non-removable), simply hold down the power button and the volume-down button until it powers off and restarts itself. This fixes the problem) Overall, this is a very solid device with many awesome features. I give it a 4 because of the freezing problem, although I am still not sure if this is a problem for every Nokia Lumia 928. I most definitely recommend this phoneA few weeks ago, and I upgraded from the iPhone 4 to the Nokia 928. I thought I would regret it within a matter of days, but I'm really surprised at how much I don't even miss the iPhone. The Nokia 928 has everything I need and it's really enjoyable to use. Plus, it has a some features the iPhone didn't - like a super high quality camera, wireless charging and live tiles on the home screen. The WP8 software is really fast, intuitive and easy to look at. By comparison, the iPhone now seems lackluster and in need of a refresh, but Apple's been slow to show us something new. Seems like Microsoft and Nokia have been working very hard on this one and it really shows. Great job. Great prices right now too! Other Pros: -Calls are loud and clear. -Screen is big, clear and vibrant. -Great flow. Moving around is fast and buttery smooth - no hesitation or hiccups. -White text on black background makes reading email and menus very easy on the eyes. -If you have a Mac, you can sync iTunes, iPhoto, etc. -Camera performance rivals a very good compact camera. Close-up mode is absolutely incredible. -Live tiles are useful and customizable. No more hunting through tiny same-sized squares for an app. -App selection is sufficient. I'm not an app fanatic; they have all the major ones I want. -Tight integration across phone. For example: if you open a contact, you can view recent emails, text messages, social media updates and photos right from within their profile and not have to open separate apps like Messaging, Facebook or Twitter. Some Cons: -Headphones not included. -Wireless charger not included (only a wall charger) so it costs extra to take advantage of this feature. -Phone is slightly larger and heavier than I wanted. This is actually a pro when using it as a camera. -Camera settings are not quick to get at -there's no hidden overlay you can quickly pull up- so unless you use Auto mode all the time, you always have to tap the menus to change settings . Also, some backlit shooting situations can be a little tricky if you don't practice. -No audio streaming that I know of (like Apple's Airplay) . Not really a big deal to me tho.I have had this phone now for over a year and I can honestly say that it's indestructible. I had a big problem with running out of space on my old iPhone 4s and couldn't justify the price to increase gigs. So I made the switch to an LG Android and after 2 weeks, hated it. So I did my research and found that this phone would suit my needs best. I take a TON of pictures, and this phone takes a great picture. So far, all the apps I've wanted are available and work fine, Facebook, Snapchat, Reddit. I have both my personal and work email set up and it's nice to have them in two different icons. I have dropped this phone on ALL FOUR CORNERS, face down, on cement and the screen is still 100% in tact. The corners are a little scratched and that's it. I do not have a case on the phone or a screen protector. It's gotten wet on multiple occasions, not soaked mind you, but pretty wet, and still works as well as the day I bought it. I can honestly say that I am happy with how this phone is working out. I plan on sticking with the Nokia Lumia for the long run.I recently upgraded to a Nokia Lumia 928 from an old Kin2. I really liked the Windows Phone platform because it complied with my spacial neatness of my OCD. The overall build quality is excellent and the sleek white back on mine is flawless. The phone overall is very quick and responsive and is not bogged down by access programs running in the background. This phone is very good overall but there are some serious faults though. First I'll start with the positives -The phone is very light and fits comfortably into my hand -The screen is very bright and colorful -The screen can go extremely dim, as dim as the iOS devices -The virtual keyboard is a masterpiece -The audio options are very useful, it has an equalizer that you can control with various frequencies and Dolby enhancer for headphones -Features are constantly updated and added -Wireless charging is super easy to use Now with the cons -The battery life is very short, rated at 17 hours, but actually less -Internet Explorer does not open back up to the last page you were on -After a few weeks of using this phone, during calls the speaker cuts out and I can't hear a thing. The people on the other line can still hear you talking, but you can hear them at all. It fixes itself if you knock the back of the phone on your leg, but that is only a temporary solution that you have to repeat multiple times a call. Apparently this happens because the charging port and speaker are in such close proximity to each other (basically one behind the other) that the workings get knocked around and disconnected. It only happens about 70% of the time so when I took it in, of course it didn't do it. Overall -Great price -Fantastic running system -Great looks -Constant updates and improvements 7/10 - For speaker problemI purchased my Lumia 928 about a week after release and eagerly awaited its arrival from the FedEx man. I was not disappointed, this little beauty is a gigantic upgrade from my HTC Trophy (Verizon's previous lackluster offering for Windows Phone 7). The screen is crisp and vibrant, the AMOLED screen really shows off the Windows Phone UI of 'colors on black' style really well. The UI is quick and responsive, along with integration with Skydrive I'm able to access files and pictures from my PC on my phone and vice versa. Very handy when I want to share Excel files and the like. I'm not a huge mobile gamer but I'm impressed with the library of games so far (Royal Revolt is eating up some of my time right now while watching my girlfriend shop for clothes). Apps in general seem more than sufficient for me, as I am somewhat minimalist and not looking for 600 fart apps like iPhone and Android users seem to be. The Store is growing with new, quality app contributions every day. Pick this phone up if you're on Verizon and the price is right (I got mine for around $50 and I see its priced even better now at $20 or less!). You'll be very pleased with it, promise.Hi, I have owned this phone for more than two weeks and I assume it is safe to write a review about the phone. My first smartphone was iPhone and then later switched to Android and now I own Windows phone. When switching loyalties from iPhone to emerging Android, ppl complained about fewer apps but I am glad I tried it and now from Android to Windows(so far 21days), I am really glad I tried Win OS. Regarding Phone: Mine is black Lumia 928. I absolutely love this phone. It captures vibrant pics, beautiful display and fantastic battery life(I only charge once a day and I can see 20% remaining when I charge my phone) Apps: There are 150,000 apps in Windows & all the basic apps which I have been using from iPhone - Android are available on this platform. So far I have not missed Android. Though the Navigation is Nokia Beta version, it is still quite accurate. Sound clarity is awesome and the UI is stunning. Cons: Heavier than the competitors Bottom Line: This phone Competes with iPhone5, Samsung 4 and HTC One. Every phone has Pro's and Con's. When I am getting a phone for $29 with most of the capabilities of it's class why spend $200 for other phones. You never know until you give it a try :)I went in store to purchase mine. I like to feel something before I spend this much money on it. This is my first smart phone on a contract; from a basic phone paid month to month, to this. It was very easy to learn, and customizable. Things I didnt like: All of your apps except music are all in an alphabetical list if you swipe to the left. In Android and IOS, you can drag and drop icons and folders to group things. In Windows Phone 8, its all just there. You can pin apps to your main screen, but it can get cluttered if you have too many there. Ive got just enough to not have to scroll down at all. If you add something like facebook or hotmail, all of your friends information will be imported into your "People" tile. This is your address book. I removed facebook on here for that reason, I dont want 200 phone numbers in there when I only talk to a few people. The contract can be expensive, Ive got 500 mb a month plan and its 99.70 a month. I barely use 100 mbs, but some people will used more ----------------------- --Things I like: Camera is good, I think. The most advanced camera Id used before this was the iPod touch 4. Compared to that, this is like HD. Battery is AWESOME. I can make it 2 days with use throughout the days, before hitting 0. On constant battery saver mode, I can make it 3 - 4 days. Battery saver with music on at all times will drain it in about 24 - 32 hours. You can sync all of your microsoft accounts, like hotmail, skydrive, xbox live; all that, to your phone and check updates for those on here. All of the pictures you take are auto uploaded to your skydrive. Its got nice, comfortable edges. Not super rounded like samsung, and not rigid like a brick. I like how almost the whole front face is the screen; makes you feel like youre in the future. There is a bing search button built into the screen, next to the windows button. Sometimes it might get in the way, but its nice when you hear a song and youre thinking, "Ive heard this, what is it?" You can run your search and click on the music note, and it listens to tell you. Its been so far accurate with what ive tested it on. This is a Nokia so it comes preloaded with their apps. Nokia Drive is like a GPS, preloaded with 4GB of the USA maps. Im outside of Verizons area, so Im constantly roaming, and I get clear audio and immediate internet, even on my 500mb a month plan.wondering, for my lifestyle, if it warrents paying almost $900 a year more just for the use of it. While it has all the features I would like in a phone and more, I'm finding that I'm not really taking advantage of them all. I'm not a techie person. I don't sit in front of a computer emailing, twittering, and facebooking friends; and I'm not into games either. All I really have used this phone for so far is to make phone calls which I could do on any 'dumb' phone. That's something to consider when purchasing any smart phone. Will the useage warrant the extra cost? If you are like me, then it probably wouldn't. But if you aren't then you'll probably love this phone. It's superfast, has a lot of features that are (even for this old bat) very easy to use, and is fun. If I wasn't pinching my pennies because of this bad economy I would keep it in a heartbeat. But as the situation is now it looks like I'll be downgrading to a dumb phone. I'm updating this posting after contacting Verizon about switching back to an old fashioned flip phone. After all is said and done the total savings per month would only amount to around $20 a month. Seems Verizon has, along with everyone else, raised their rates and fixed it so that it wouldn't make economic sense to switch back. So, even though I probably won't be using the phone as much as some other users might, I'll be keeping the phone after all. If you have any reservations about upgrading to a smart phone make sure you check out how that is going to change your rates first because once your rate gets changed to a different tier it will never go back to the lower tier again. Live and learn as they say. When my contract is up I'll just have to switch to another carrier in order to go back to the flip phone rate. I'm not happy about that because I got a lot less dropped calls and better reception with Verizon than when I had AT&T.This phone is amazing! I got it for free at Verizon Wireless on black Friday and I have no regrets at all. This phone is huge. That is a good thing, but could be a bad thing because as a guy with big pockets, it pretty much takes up all the pocket. I only have two things that slightly upset me about this phone. 1. Meager selection in the Windows App Store. 2. Screen Freezes. About the meager app selection, it will suit all of your social media needs. But, when it comes to games it does not have a very good selection. Considering that it just came out, it is doing very good at getting the basic needed apps in there first. About the screen freezes. The screen freezes probably 2-3 times every week if you use it all day every day. The simple fix is to press down on the volume and the standby/on/off button for about 15 seconds. This will hard restart your phone and bring you to your main screen. On the other hand, the way the main screen looks is awesome. Its one of the things that mainly attracted me to this phone. My battery, on this phone. Lasts approximately 16 hours with use constantly throughout the day. Now, granted the background data was shut down. Well, my last remarks will be about the durability of this phone. I have dropped this phone multiple times. I once dropped it so wickedly that I thought for sure the phone would not survive. Well, I can say, to this day it is still in flawless condition. The only thing that had minor damage was the tile floor that it was dropped in. The floor now has a little black smudge now, haha. I know I said last remark but this is the actual last remark. Buying cases. There are cases online and stuff, but I settled for a $10 case from my local mall.I had iPhone before and was disappointed when it died few month before contract finished. I was talking and it just stopped working on nice sunny day. Rep told me that it was in water but it never happened. Later i found out that Apple was sued for this - apparently there water indicator was working wrong and was red after some time even if phone was not wet. BUT thank you Apple for making crappy water indicators. Now i have the best phone i ever owned. Just few things i like most: 1. Camera Quality - i was not using phone for pictures but we went to mountains with friends on 4th of July. We all shared pictures later and every bodies opinion was NOKIA makes the best pictures. And we had all kind of phones - iPhones, Samsungs, HTC's. 2. HERE Maps & HERE Drive - i just want say that house that we rented was not on the Google or Apple map at all. We was driving 3 cars and other guys had to spend hours looking for the house - asking police and locals. 3. Interface - it is original, intuitive, looks nice. When i look at iPhone it looks like something old boring. I do not want even talk about Android - they just copied Apples interface. Would you buy fake Rolex??? why would you buy Android? 4. Apps - i have all apps that i had on iPhone and actually bought 3 times more - just because they are nice and well designed. Please do not compare 500K of Apple apps with 150K of windows apps. I think quality is much better for Windows apps.I have had a number of android phones, have used apple phones, and this is the first windows phone I have purchased. It is flat a nice looking phone both the screen resolution and clarity and the refined look of the tiled interface. It is a fast phone, I don't experience any waiting for actions to occur, they are instant. I found all the apps that I was using on android without a problem. The camera is simply stunning in clarity, by far it is the best one I have seen, better than my previous Samsung galaxy 3. From what I have seen of the Windows 8.1 preview this only gets better. My wife got one too, she was an Apple user and she loves her phone.I've been an Apple person for many years now, but curiosity had me checking out the Lumia 928, and I'm glad I did. Given that this Nokia is a flagship device for Windows Phone 8, it's only fair to compare it to Apple's flagship, the iPhone 5. First things first. The Nokia Lumia 928 is by no means a light phone. At 162 grams (my scale says 166 grams), it's noticeably heavier than the iPhone 5 at 112 grams. This means the Lumia is roughly 50% heavier than the iPhone. The 4.5" screen on the Lumia 928 puts out 1280x768 pixels vs the 4" iPhone 5 with 1136x640 resolution. This translates into 334 pixels per inch on the Lumia vs the iPhone 5's 326 pixels per inch. On paper it sounds like the Lumia 928 is the sharper display, but in practice this is not the case. Because of the pentile arrangement of pixels on the Lumia, text especially just comes across a little... fuzzy. It's certainly not awful, and if you've never used an iPhone 4/4S/5 or for example an HTC ONE, you'd perhaps not notice. In any case, this is not the sharpest display on the market - the iPhone 5 is noticeably sharper. The HTC ONE is the sharpest of them all (sharper than the Galaxy S4). The Lumia display is very vibrant, though, due to its OLED display. It's a little too vibrant for some people, but it certainly can't be accused of being washed out! The Camera: The 8.7MP camera on the Lumia 928 really shines. It takes some of the best low-light photos I've seen on a mobile device. It certainly does a better job than my iPhone 5. Very impressive. While I don't care for direct flash devices, the xenon flash here does help in extremely low light, and the Lumia 928 also uses it to help achieve focus. Daytime photos also look fantastic. The bar has been raised here for low-light phone photography, no question. The Phone: I've found the call quality to be excellent, with little/no distortion at the higher volumes. It just works well. The speakerphone is also quite loud. Apps: This is the biggest problem with Windows Phone 8. There are quite simply not enough apps available. If you're thinking of switching from Android, - and especially iOS, you may want to check to see if your favorite apps are even available for the Windows Phone platform. Chances are, - they're not. I downloaded a few of my favorite apps (from iOS) on the Lumia, - "Plex," and "Words with Friends." "Plex" just didn't run as well over my network, dropping frames from streamed video. And "Words with Friends" is just a travesty of an app. All the smoothness is gone. It crashes a lot, doesn't have some of the newer features from Android/iOS (like giving you a word-score total before submitting the word etc). And gaming is a total downer on Windows Phone 8 for several reasons. First, there are very few games available, and the ones that are available just don't run that well on the Lumia 928. This is likely to do with the (relatively speaking) outdated 1.5 Ghz dual-core processor. Functionality: The Lumia 928 situates all its buttons on the right side of the device. The volume up/down, power, and camera button all feel very similar, and it's not at all obvious which way up you're holding the phone when you pick it up. After several days of use, I'm still struggling to find the power button, which is situated in between the volume buttons and the camera button. I wish the power button was at the top of the phone... Overall: I really do like the Windows Phone platform. But it's certainly not perfect. Multitasking is a bit of a mess (you can't close apps unless you go into them and then back out), and the lack of actual good, solid apps is a REAL problem. The other issue is the hardware. While nothing here would be considered "bad," it just doesn't feel flagship enough to compete with Apple and Android's best. Not enough processing power, not enough resolution, too heavy, gets quite hot when playing games etc. All these things conspire against Nokia. That said, if you want a stable alternative to Android/iOS coupled with the absolute best low-light camera on any phone out there, you may just find the Lumia 928 is the phone you. Just make sure the apps you want are there before you make the jump. 3 stars out of 5.This phone was clearly made for Windows 8. The OS is as seamlessly integrated with this phone as APple's OS is with the iPhone. Windows 8--especially the mobile edition-- is a lot to digest for new users but the learning curve is not too steep if you are willing to invest the time. The call quality is clear, the picture quality is clear and the system seems fast and not buggy. Overall you can't go wrong if you are looking for a Windows 8 phone. 5/5 stars.Ok, I have been an Apple freak for years. This year I decided I wanted something different as the IPhones have gotten a little mundane and boring. Even the new IPhone5S and ios7 was looking same old same old. So I tried the Galaxy S4. Had it for about 4 months and hated it. Build quality was poor, battery performance was horrendous, and the screen was nearly invisible outside on a bright day, and totally invisible when I had my polarized sun glasses on. Gave it to my daughter who loved her S3. So I picked up the Nokia 928 Windows 8 Phone. The phone has been awesome. Build quality is far better than the Galaxy S4 and has none of the screen visibility problems of the S4. I can see the screen clearly in full sunlight and even with my polarized sunglasses. Battery life is awesome, all day and will into the next with heavy use. S4 could only make it to bedtime, well, that's when I like to play a few games/watch videos and the 928 still has the juice to get me through. S4 never could do that. As far as Windows Phone 8 OS, well it is fast and flawless. I love it and the tiled interface is fresh, new, easy to use and very practical. If Windows Phone 8 doesn't become #1 or #2, I'll be shocked. IMO it blows the doors off ios and android. Now I am not an app junkie so the catching up that has to take place with the Microsoft app store collection is not a problem for me and no doubt they will catch up and get better. So far everything I have wanted was there or there was a very satisfactory alternative. I don't think I'll ever go back to ios or android.The Lumia 928 has a great form factor in size and weight. The Windows 8.1 OS has all the apps I need to get stuff done. Id give the phone 5 stars except for the fact that I need to soft re-boot the thing multiple times each day. Often, when the phone rings I cant answer because its locked up and the screen wont take a swipe. When I go to use the phone to look something up, text someone or take a call, I find the phone un-responsive and the only solution I've found is the soft reboot which takes a minute or two. I dont know if its a Windows thing or a Nokia thing but at this point I dont really care.This is my first Windows Phone after trying Android and iPhone; all I can say is "why did I wait so long?!". The phone is awesome; great features, especially Nokia's software; fantastic phone, faster than my iPhone 4s; love the Windows OS, it's an in between Android & iOS. It's true that there are some apps missing from WP store but most are available or can be got around. My only criticism is that the microusb port does not support AV output to HDMI, this would have made this phone 5 star!, however the Nokia Beamer app kind of makes up for it. Buy this phone, support Windows Phones, then hopefully more apps will come.I have been an android user since the Droid Incredible. Since that phone I have been very impressed with android and have constantly recommended android phones when people ask. Since the Incredible I have had the HTC Thunderbolt, Droid Charge, LG Spectrum, Droid Razr Maxx, and Samsung Galaxy Note 2. Although I never had issues with my android phones other than the occasional lag I decided that I wanted to try something different. I decided that windows phone was worth a try. In the end I didn't expect windows phone to be as refreshing, smooth, and functional as it is. The Nokia Lumia 928 is an excellent phone that is very well built. It is sturdier than any android phone I have used and competes with some of the early blackberry phones I owned as the most solidly built. The camera quality is amazing, definitely better than the quality on the galaxy note 2 I had been using prior to getting this phone. The thing that has really hooked me has been the software. After hearing what others had said I was expecting to get bored with the software quickly but that has not been the case. The software has been far more reliable than that of any other phone. It is also amazingly smooth. Apps open quickly and I have yet to have an app randomly close or give me any type of error. The battery life has been great and usually gets me through a day of heavy use. The only downside to this phone has been apps. Obviously, this is something that I expected when buying the phone. Yes, it does not have as many apps as IOS or Android but I do not find myself missing apps; there are enough popular apps that I do not feel that my overall experience is hindered on the platform. In the end I do not see myself switching platforms anytime soon. This is the first time I have ever written a review for a phone; I feel that this platform is too good to not get more attention than it does. Definitely give this phone a solid chance.I fear you may end up very disappointed if you don't get an adequate case to go on the phone.I bought this phone and it was the first windows phone I had ever used, and it took a while to get use to it, it was not easy to navigate until I was use to it. It has great screen picture quality. I am a photographer and I really appreciate that there is now a phone with a camera that is good in almost all lighting situations. However, about 3 weeks after I bought the brand new phone from the verizon store it would not light up when I wanted to hang up after a call, I had to hope the other person hung up. Then I took it to the store to get the problem fixed and they did a system restart. Good think nokia makes you back everything up all the time. When they did the reset it was going good then it got stuck on the screen with the gears working....the phone died I plugged it in and it still would not leave that screen. I sent it in to verizon they sent me a replacement. I had to wait 4 days with out a phone. I had the replacement phone for 9 days. Then it turned off and would not turn back on. I plugged it in for 9 hours while I was at work. It still would not turn on. Verizon is sending me another nokia lumia 928. It will be 4 more days I go with out a phone. I have spent as much time waiting for a new phone as I have with my new phone actually working. I hope this third phone works better than the last two, if not I will be getting my upgrade back and getting a phone that is guarunteed to be good.Our company purchased 10 of these Nokia 928s and I have had to replace 4 of them in the last year. One of them was out of control, it would flip through applications and emails as if a ghost was playing with it. The other 3 had issues with the screen not working or allowing one to interact with it. Mine has been working great, and in general I do like it, no real complaints other then the questionable quality of the phone. From the look of the reviews it would seem that perhaps we got a bad batch, or just bad luck.I have had my phone for one year now. All I have to say about it is that the battery power does not last long. It actually drains really fast. Without use the phone will be dead by night. That's not using it at all but the phone is still on. There are zero cool apps. Everything is just knock off apps that work on occasion and rarely well. The screen on occasion would stop working. This is terrible cause its a touch screen. I'd have to reboot my phone because of this. I dropped it from 1 foot and the screen cracked. Voice receiver stopped working so I have to use it on speaker now although that is breaking as well. WASTE OF MONEY!!!After owning Motorola android smartphones for years, I came to expect slow and buggy operations and defective hardware and a complicated and inconsistent user interface. I saw this and thought I would try something new. This is a fantastic phone that is actually stable. It is fast, good-looking, and inexpensive. And again, best of all, it's stable! I will never go back to Android again. Windows is designed to work out of the box, and it does. If you are hesitant to buy this because of the "lack of apps" on windows phone, then either you are in the <1% of users that pay for esoteric apps or you are misinformed. Every major application is available on this platform as well. Pretty much whatever you want to do, there's an app for that. And it actually works.I've had this phone for six months now. The first one I actually had to return because the speaker was all crinkly. This one was okay for the first 14 days. But I quickly ran into issues. The phone shuts off by itself. It sometimes freezes up and I have to shut it down. It takes decent pictures but you can't zoom at all. Sometimes I'll suddenly lose data and not be able to use the internet unless I restart. And other times the phone basically has a seizure. I lose total control of the phone while it switches from app to app and even tries to call people. The only thing that I can do to stop this is shutting the phone down. On the plus side... The battery lasts long...... I wish I had the $$$ to trade phones...The phone is good, I like OS and the camera is great. The Nokia Camera app (different than the standard camera) is fun to play with, helping pictures beyond filter options. Major apps are either available or have been developed by a third party and still integrate with the official ones. My biggest problem is that the glass extends all the way to the edge. I'm on my third one in a year. Good thing I have insurance. Just make sure you get a case. When the glass breaks, more likely than not, its not just a cosmetic problem. The display will probably stop working.The Nokia 928 does everything that I want a smartphone to do and coming from the Android OS the WP8 is truly a pleasure to use. This phone meets all of my needs plus I find the HERE Maps and HERE Drive to be a real pleasure to use. The only slight negative is that some of the "nature" apps that I had on my old Droid are not yet available on the Nokia - hopefully that will change in the near future.This phone is perfect balance for someone who is not to dependent on applications, but Microsoft and third parities are picking up on the apps for the Windows Phone 8 platform. When I used WP8 for the first time I was hooked, it is smooth and is easy to get used to. The live tiles are a great innovation and can provide me with Facebook, Twitter, general news, ect. just by looking at the Home Screen. The Camera is also really good and provides great pictures with an editor that gets rid of imperfections. The camera has been improved greatly with the Nokia Pro Camera App, decreasing imperfections and more options for the camera fanatic. This phone has been a saving grace for me because I wanted something different and more stylish than the plain look of iOS and the cumbersome Android OS.Fine phone but don't carry it anywhere that it can in contact with another object. No pocket. No purse. The over-sensitive side buttons place calls, shout for voice prompts, take photos, or (worst) kill the ringtone. Verizon offers no fix. Also of concern, many websites do not respond due to Windows hybrid status. Typing can be near impossible without inserts or edits permitted -- only re-entry. Pretty display, though.Phone will sometimes turn off and on for no reason. I wish I would have returned it the first month, when it started.I've had android and iOS, and I finally made the switch to Windows Phone last year with the HTC 8x. I immediately fell in love with the OS, but was nor impressed with HTC's quality. The Nokia Lumia 928 is exactly what I was looking for! Superior screen resolution, camera and on board storage, not to mention all of the Nokia specific apps. If you want WP on Verizon, this is it. If you're on iOS or android, give WP a try. You won't be disappointed. Nokia Lumia 928, White (Verizon Wireless)Owned this phone for 7 months. Windows phone is just a "dumbed down" version of a smart phone. When I first got it, it would lock-up and you could not turn it off because it was unresponsive. Very poor choices for settings-if there is some behavior you don't like, forget about being able to change it. Very annoying if you place it in your pocket when its on because VR activates and goes on and off with little nagging noises. Vibrator alert is hardly discernible. Battery life EXTREMELY POOR, Plan on 6 hours tops. It got so bad that I had to order extra chargers to keep at work and in the shop to keep it charged up. Gives new meaning to the Brand "Hot Pocket". Hot when charging, hot in use, hot when idling. You need to get some kind of protection for it too. The Gorilla Glass goes right to the edge with a very thin plastic bezel around it. One corner drop and your glass is toast. Repair cost $199. The glass alone can not be replaced. They have to replace the Glass, digitizer and LCD because they are all bonded together. Virtual keyboard is very difficult to type on, esp in the vertical mode. You can't change the keyboard type. Verizon has an application with it called Backup Assistant Plus... It winds up creating TWO contact databases instead of one. So when you go into contacts it asks which one you want to use... Very frustrating. Microsoft can make laptop and desktop computer OS's but they have a long way to go with the Windows Phone. Don't be part of their Experiment unless that kind of thing appeals to you!Have you seen the helicopter video? Youtube lumia 928 helicopter Honestly, best purchase ever. I love using skinners pro to design the skins of my tiles. I love the ecosystem. Everyone tht sees it oohs and awes. I owned a 822 and payed full price for this. Worth e Rey pennyI generally don't review things and I'm not tech crazy, but I do know my way around smartphones and whatnot. This gem is so incredibly intuitive - finally a phone that does things that make sense!! Great screen, great call quality, fun live tiles - just fantastic! I'm not an Apple fan and I was tired of finicky droids and my Lumia fits the bill. Lack of apps is not a huge deal - they have the key few I wanted, OneNote is great, and the only thing I'm missing is my SiriusXM app. Great phone - definitely buy one!!Buy this phone and update to WinPhone 8.1, it a excelent phone with this updateInitial thoughts ------------------- Pros: * Interface is very cohesive and clean. It's fast and fluid. It just makes sense (coming from a tech that hates Windows 8 on PC!). I feel it has more polish than the later Android phones (S4 & HTC One) * Big * Feels solid. * Bright, visible in daylight (looks great) * Contrast (darker colors) and font are very easy to read. Over-sized fonts used thematically actually works. * Wireless charging is great (costs extra for the charger) * Memory management is good, it will auto-close background apps if it needs more memory Cons: * Heavy * Big * Light color as theme doesn't look good; text doesn't turn black * Glass is not perfectly flat across middle of phone (edges are nicely beveled), noted dimples in middle of glass (not sure it affects the image but I would imagine it has to) * Bezel is large, same size phone as Galaxy S4, but 1/2" less screen. Use/design -------------------- Pros: * Ability to change size and location of tiles is nice * Sounds are pleasant * Larger keyboard is nice, making it easier to type * Voice recognition seemed pretty good at first, more testing needed Cons: * Tiles being all one color (stock tiles) is disappointing * Keyboard space is very large, leaving not that much room on display when typing * Sometimes difficult to get keyboard to go away * Spell check isn't as smart as iPhone (not just common typos but nearby letters on keyboard) * Live Tile for email (Linked Inbox) does not update if the new mail was deleted on a synchronized account * For multiple email accounts there is no way to setup a default account to send email from Battery life -------------------- * Minimal built-in info > Good app available to show history and time remaining * Decent life on LTE mixed with 3G (18 hours) * On strong LTE signal (minimal use) all day battery life is closer to 8 hours :( Bluetooth -------------------- * Nice search features via voice * When a txt message comes in it offers to read it to you, or you can choose "ignore". You can also reply via voice. * It gets annoying when it's constantly chattering at you though! * It does stop/cancel it's voice prompting if you actually click on the txt on the phone. (good) Phone -------------------- * Phone history doesn't show call duration & no good apps to add feature * 2 click process to answer phone, a little annoying * Randomly seems to drop between 1X (cell signal) and 3G and LTE within a few feet (in a weaker signal area) Camera/video -------------------- * Greens appear saturated (in daylight) * Low light camera white balance is off sometimes. It appears to use a low-level red light to improve picture which causes the color to be off. * Low light (indoor) video is very poor. Illumination light does little good, typically causing distracting reflections. Apps -------------------- * No keyboard (replacement English) or spell check apps * Calendar: pretty poor implementation; > no week view > month view shows # of items but no words, even in landscape view * Nokia Maps app could not locate a gas station within 15 miles, but my GPS showed 2 within 2 miles. * Can't edit excel cells opening from SkyDrive Random Thoughts -------------------- * Some traffic from phone actually interferes with nearby computer speakers (this has not occurred iPhone4, 4S, 5) causing crackling noises.The Lumia 928 seems to epitomize the saying of being close but no cigar. There are a lot of good things in the phone that are more than praiseworthy. Yet there are also just enough misses to make it tough to live on a platform with little traction. First, the UI is sweet! There really isn't a better interface on the other platforms. Microsoft should be given accolades for finding the right mix of form, functionality, and customization. The lack of color options, however, is a detraction as the monochrome nature of the interface can cause eye strain. Additionally, although Bluetooth is available, MS has restricted the use of some devices such as keyboards. Granted the virtual keyboard is fabulous, but sometimes one just wants a proper tactile keyboard. This is one of those moments where the phone gets close, but not quite. Its got Bluetooth, but not the way it should. Similarly, the "gloved mode" of the touchscreen was a major selling point. Alas, by glove they mean something such as a batting glove. Winter and decent leather gloves won't work. NFC is available on the phone, but you cannot transfer files to Android devices which are far more prominent than other Windows phones. The often mentioned Kids Corner works - but is not the separate login you might think. Also advertised is that the phone comes with free music services. Indeed, both Nokia Music and Pandora are free. Pandora, however, is free only until the end of the year and the Nokia Music is no better than other services - unless you pay for the premium version. Another big selling point is the camera. This was the biggest letdown. While good for a smartphone, the depth of the pictures taken paled in comparison to the iPhone and Galaxy. The Lumia also added a bluish tint to the pictures. Nothing horrendous but certainly something distracting. Admittedly, the low light pictures were better than on other smartphones but worse than on many point and shoot or slr cameras. The Panorama mode also was somewhat frustrating as you have to match each shot with a little circle that appears. If as you're moving the camera becomes uncertain where you are, then you have to start that shot again. This can cause a panorama shot to take a few minutes to successfully shoot. Admittedly, having the "lens" options is a very cool feature that other OSs should emulate. Especially since there are relatively few useful lenses on the Windows ecosystem. As for the more standard functions, such as outgoing and incoming calls, the Lumia failed here. For some reason the phone would have a tendency to make the call fade in and out or add static. Someone suggested it has to do with the placement of the attena in the phone. When the static or fading didn't happen the call was relatively clear with people on the other end remarking that I was as clear as if I were on a landline. Its nice that WP8 offers caller announce. Its unfortunate, however, that there is no notification center and there won't be one until at least sometime in 2014. Browsing the web was fast with the compression that IE10 offers. Some sites, however, still don't render perfectly (whether you choose mobile or desktop version) and trying to close popups or jquery windows can become bothersome if not outright impossible. This, however, might also have been related to the problem of the touchscreen sometimes being just slightly off and having to press above the desired point rather than directly on it. It would, however, be prudent for IE to have a forward button. The data sense provided by Verizon is something that should be emulate$ every carrier on every OS. Music playback through the headphones was exceptionally clear though lacking on the speaker. Windows Phone, however, does have a problem playing aac or wav files. The speech system offerred by Microsoft is pretty good at identifying what was said by the user, although not so good at actually doing what was asked. In other words, when you record a note, it will be reasonably (not perfectly) accurate in what you say (and even keep a copy of your voice with the text). If you give it a command, however, don't expect it to actually do what you ask. Mostly that is because of the paltry number of command. This will likely improve as more apps make use of the speech functions (currently many apps skip that functionality). The apps, of course, are perhaps the biggest thing hurting Windows Phones right now. True, Nokia's mapping applications are the best out there (shows speed, can eliminate tolls/highways/etc. from your trip), Skype is fully integrated, and there is even Microsoft Office. There is, however, a very long list of missing apps. Even the ones that are present are subpar or costlier when compared to their counterparts on IOS and Droid. Many don't integrate Live Tiles. Even the ones that do, have a tendency to freeze, rendering the app to be little more than an icon on the alphabetized app list. To have a chance at unfreezing it you either have to do a hard re-boot or uninstall/reinstall. The Live Tiles and Voice integration could slay the apps on IOS - but only if companies are willing to develop them for the approximately 3% of global smartphone users with a Windows Phone. Ultimately, this is a phone with so much potential. It feels great to hold and can do many things. Its too bad that many of those things just come up a tad short.I had such high hopes for this phone but I am very disappointing. I have gone through 4 (or maybe its 5 now) and I need to get another one. Not because of dropping the phone but because the earpiece doesn't work. I have only had my current phone for a few weeks and and it is happening on this one as well. Nokia is aware of this issue and has been for years, yet it still keeps happening. Look online about this issue and you will see that it is a major problem. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!I love this phone, but you definitely need a screen protector. It has a super soft screen. I have shattered the bottom left corner twice. And even the slightest thing will scratch the screen. Other than that, I love this phone.Just got my second 928. This would be because the first 928 I received began glitching, where the phone acted as if it had headphones plugged into it when it did not, so that no sound could get to the speaker. This left me unable to make or receive phone calls which is, oddly enough, the entire reason why I own a phone. The first phone took 3 weeks to exhibit this problem. It's been two weeks, and so far the second phone has not exhibited the same behavior. SO FAR. It does however, use Nokia's Windows Phone App for desktop, which is the clunkiest and ugliest app I've ever had to use. TL;DR I still love the Windows OS, but Nokia's hardware and software leaves MUCH to be desired.This phone has earpiece speaker problems (hardware). You have to squeeze the speaker to get it to come back. You will not find any helpful support on this phone. Search speaker issue and you will see that it is a very common problem.....DO NOT gamble on this phone. If you do not make phone calls you might like it.This is my first review. I am so disappointed with this phone so I want to help others not to make same mistake. This phone freezes a lot - only soft reset could help. After couple of months audio not working - could not hear anything while calling to other people - it is working with speaker, with headset but not on the phone itself. Customer support in Nokia is not helpful - the only thing they could suggest is to send them the phone and they don't care about sending a replacement for repair time. Don't buy.Beautiful design, good battery, great camera, turn by turn navigation, great maps. Dropped on hardwood floor from 5 feet high and phone is perfectly fine.Compared to a Droid or iPhone this phone is kind of a joke... Had it for over a year and I never did come around to the Windows operating system. Not mention there are virtually no apps for Windows, which makes owning this phone even more of a drag. After using it for 14 months I just switched back to an iPhone 6S and the difference is just off the charts... Steer clear of this phone! =PI've had this phone for about a year and never dropped it once. However, the phone is extremely glitchy and I reboot it often. The store doesn't have any apps that I care for and I've become so frustrated with the performance that I stopped using internet on it all together. This phone is good for anyone who doesn't use internet and has a lot of patience.Not a good phone, apps are not well supported and I find it very buggy. Do not buy this phone.I put the 928 on the charger every night at my bedside table. I had always used my android phone as an alarm clock. Now that I have the 928, I use it. Every morning the alarm sounds and as my eyes are over 40, I must find my reading glasses in order to locate the snooze and dismiss button. The fonts are the same small size. Most of the apps I've found for this phone are not well thought out. Just upgraded Pandora to version 1.0.1.0.Skippy Nowhere near ready for prime time. Call quality is good. And while the camera gets high marks from everyone, I'm less than impressed. I'm not a happy early adapter.Phone had great picture quality, and decent call quality, that's about all it had going for it. Now the bad parts. Speaker went out on my phone and any time it rang, made a notification sound it would crackle. Got this fixed under the warranty and it never happened again, mostly because it lived a short life before the touch screen would quit working and require a hard reset. Sent it back, they sent me a new one and still the same problems. I don't really blame windows for these problems, I blame Nokia for making a crap phone all around.Well let me start by saying that even thought I'm only giving it 1 Star doesn't mean is a bad phone. I guess I've been unlucky with this phone. I bought 2 White versions at a local Verizon store and had to returned them with a problem with the capacity buttons. The first one had all the Capacity buttons white but the Windows Buttons had something inside like glue ( looks horrible when the light lit). The term that people are using on the internet is a (Goopy) button. Now to the 2 phones I've receive through Amazon (black version). I was hoping it was a problem with the White version but so far I got 2 phones (black version) with Amazon and they have the same issue. The capacity key on the 2 phones from Amazon are Yellow and I'm pretty sure they are suppose to be white. The first one that I got from the Verizon store were Pure White. I really love the phone but now I have to wait until they get them in stock again and hope that it doesn't have the same issue. I wish i could upload photos so people would understand how ugly it looks when the Capacity button light is on.I loved this phone. Too bad the glass going all the way to the edges and the square corners meant that it broke. Repeatedly.I have had the Nokia Lumia 928 for a year now at first I was happy and loved it but after some time I got really bored with it and it sucked. The updates are slow. The apps stink and here isn't much you can do. I'm switching to android the LG g2 hoping its better it has some great reviewaThe phone it self was good, like making calls and durability but was not for me I had to go back to a more functional phone with the appsI purchased a Nokia 928 two weeks ago. I have a POP 3 email account that I connect to. I have 2 email accounts that I check. I check email on 2 laptops, 1 tablet, 1 phone. I found after a week that the Nokia 928 was deleting the emails from the server and that I could not get those emails on my other devices once deleted on the server. (My 3 year old HTC Droid did not do this) I called Verizon service who did not understand the problem and started reading to me from the manual, which I had and read prior to calling. I told him I had already read that and did he have a secondary source of reference. He said no and determined that the problem was with Nokia. He didn't ask any questions or offer to troubleshoot the issue. Instead, he gave me Nokia's number and didn't offer to guide me or stay with me or asked me to get back to him - sort of like, "It's not my problem, see you later." Excellent support Verizon and excellent support training. BTW, the Nokia 928 is Verizon's flagship product. You would think they would be more interested. I called Nokia who listened, didn't understand the problem, and said it was not their problem and sent me to Microsoft. Again, Nokia expressed no interest in my problem or the fact that I was having a problem and no questions about the issue. Nokia gave me Microsoft's number, which as it turns out is a general support desk number for Windows 8. I had to go through two transfers to get to the right group. Microsoft listened and said it was not their problem and sent me back to Nokia. I said no, it was a software problem and Nokia said they didn't make the software. I went through the problem again and the person didn't try to ask me questions or do any other troubleshooting. I was sent to another phone support number in Microsoft that turned out to be "Supplemental Parts" support and the guy said sorry he couldn't help me, didn't know why I was sent to that number, and didn't know who I should call. It appears that Verizon can't technically support the Nokia 928 and faced with a support issue it doesn't understand, it blamed Nokia without actually knowing it was or was not. As the primary support for its products, I would expect Verizon to take charge of the problem and get back to me with a solution instead of making me responsible. I'm not sure that Nokia or Microsoft are responsible for direct support to a customer for a Verizon product but I expected more from them in terms of analysis or troubleshooting. Not one of the three companies offered any real support that one would expect. This all took about 45 minutes of me having to make the calls and get shuttled back and forth. I finally called Verizon back and said I want my old phone back, which they did. I am very disappointed in the whole support experience and expected much more. It seems that for Verizon, Nokia, and Microsoft that support is not a critical element in the customer lifecycle and if you have one or two disappointed customers, it is cheaper than offering real support staffing.had one for six weeks and the earpiece stopped working. verizon overnighted a new one and ten days later had the same problem plus speaker phone malfunction and would not hold a charge. do not!! buy this phoneDo NOT, I repeat, do NOT get any type of Nokia phone. I originally got an 800 series Nokia Lumia phone to replace my Blackberry. How I wish I had not! The first phone was a piece of s***. It broke within less than two months and I had my BB for over 3.5 years. Verizon replaced it with an upgrade - the 928 Lumia. What a disaster and a nightmare that is continuing today. I had that phone for less than two months when the touch screen stopped functioning on a Friday morning. Verizon sent me another promising a Saturday delivery but screwed that up and didn't get the phone until Monday late. Imagine my joy at their customer service! Then the backup assistant that was supposedly saving my contacts and pictures wasn't actually doing that so I couldn't download them to the new phone and had to go to a Verizon store to have it done. I was there for two hours and they couldn't do it either. Then tonight all of a sudden the tiles changed on their own to all black, which isn't even a theme, and I had to spend hours on the phone with Verizon yet again and finally had to restore the original settings to fix it. Again, I repeat, DO NOT PURCHASE A NOKIA LUMIA OF ANY KIND! They are pieces of crap and the software is glitchy and the touch screen unreliable. Don't make the same mistake I made.This phone could not be worse!! I got it from work, so I'm stuck with it. It is sooooo frustrating. iPhones and Androids have been out for years and both have learned lessons to improve their products. Windows decided to ignore all of those lessons and decided not to include features that those phones have. Instead they have decided to reinvent the wheel. Do NOT buy a Windows Phone!!!!!This is a warning for those purchasing the Nokia Lumia 928 WITHOUT a plan and/or off contract with Verizon. The Nokia Lumia 928 from Verizon is UNLOCKED by default. You DO NOT need to purchase a plan to use this unlocked device. Not only have various websites confirmed this, but I purchased the White Lumia 928 from my local Version store at full price, off contract, on May 27, 2013. I'm currently using my AT&T SIM card in this phone. No unlock code is required unlike the Lumia 920, which I had as well, to use other carriers like T-Mobile. The reason for this post and the 1 Star rating is due to Verizon and possibly Nokia blocking the usage of other carriers networks' Access Point Names, or APNs, other than Verizon's. APNs are specified carrier configurations to use network data and send/receive MMS or picture messages. I can make/receive calls and text message, but can't surf the web or send pics. Nokia released an App in the Windows Phone Store called "Access Point" enables you to easily manage individual operator settings for internet, MMS and internet sharing features. http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/access-point/ce3895c7-01d0-4daf-a4c3-25c10463942d This app works on every Lumia device except for the Lumia 928. I hope for Nokia's sake they did not purposely create this custom firmware for Verizon's Lumia 928 which disabled any overriding of Verizon's APN...cause if so, they both are in violation of the Code Of Federal Regulations (CFR) 47 CFR 27.16 (e). I already filed a complaint with the FCC if either you Nokia or Verizon need motivation to fix this...I bought this phone as a present and I set it up as a courtesy and I am glad I did because right out of the box the capacity buttons (back home and search buttons) will not work. They light up just fine so it is not a hardware issue but this is ridiculous. I am contacting the manufacturer now but without a back button the phone is effectively bricked once you click on any app. I researched this problem and this seems to be very common. I am extremely disappointed as I bought this brand new too. I also noticed the tag on the charger was rather worn and at the very least that part wasn't brand new. I didn't mind it much but now it just makes me angry.I've had this phone for approximately three months. Been very happy with Amazon's service when I needed an exchange. There was an initial smudge on the screen and my order was promptly replaced with no questions asked. This second one is looking very good. Product: - Well designed and constructed. My HTC Thunderbolt had issues that I don't see here. - One of the best things I can say is that this phone is fast. Loading apps, switching, closing, playing is all snappy and fluid. I trust it will hold up with future OS updates. - It's a bit of a heavy phone if you're going to compare it to the iPhone, though much larger. I likely the matte finish of the black over the glossy finish of the white. It fits in a pocket well. The main issue I have with this is that when it's sitting flat on the back the Carl Zeiss shiny area rests a bit higher than the rest of the phone. - Wireless charging is a huge plus. I rather enjoy not having to plug this thing in when I get home. - The screen is fantastic. Nokia's PureBlack tech is good to have and it has some vibrant colors. - Camera is also great. This takes amazing low-light photos. I was recently out at a party after sunset and was able to take portraits with little flash needed (if any). Nokia has some good apps to help take advantage of this capability. - It's mostly rectangular with slightly curved edges but has a slightly curved back to help the stereo speaker, which sounds great. OS I do like Windows Phone and I think the platform has something going for it. It integrates well with my Surface and xBox. So you can clearly see I'm in the platform deep. Good SkyDrive compatibility and I can edit Word docs with no problem. Sure there are some apps to be desired but that's mostly items I check every now and then. Development is good from Nokia and independent developers (i.e., Using "Instance" as an Instagram app and 6sec as a Vine app). Some features Microsoft really needs to communicate better about. For instance, using the people hub to connect to multiple social networks is really great. The photos hub can filter out all these social interactions for just photo-related posts from my contacts. The gaming hub notifies me when my xBox friends come online and want to play a specific game. So overall I think it's a great option that needs some better marketing.I have been the happy owner of iPhone for 3 years. I purchased this phone to port an app that I created to the Windows platform. The plan was to get port the app and then go back to my beloved iPhone. After using the phone for few hours, the idea of going back to iPhone evaporated. What I like: Amazing camera with some amazing imaging software from Nokia. Microsoft Office OneNote Everything is consolidated on the start screen Several email accounts and contacts from Skype and my Hotmail and Google mail are seamlessly consolidated. Super fast response ( I always wondered why Android requires 6 cores to run ) Almost all apps I have on my iPhone are available. The Kids corner is a great feature that lets me hand the phone to my kids without worrying about them cannibalizing my stuff. Developing apps for this phone is the easiest (between all three platforms Windows, iPhone, and the horrible Android) I can go on and on but I will stop here What I didn't like: I am still waiting for some apps like I Heart Radio ( I heard it's coming soon ) The Arabic font looks awful (not that anybody would care about that) Highly recommended :)The 928 is by far my favorite smart phone to date. I have enjoyed using the android and Apple systems, but in my opinion the 928/window 8 OS takes it to the next level of function and ease of use. An overview includes: 1. The new Windows 8 OS is intuitive, well presented visually and very easy to use. My favorite yet. 2. The app's that I have used in the past are available in Windows 8, so I do not see either Android or Apple having any real advantage. The Nokia app's for photo, maps and music are actually top notch, unlike most of the bloat that comes under most suppliers branding. 3. The camera is a standout feature of this unit. Coupled with the photo programs available through Windows 8, this is a true "takeover" camera for all but the better SLR's. 4. My battery life has been over 24 hours with moderate use 5. The signal pick up of the Wi-Fi has been a pleasant surprise. Areas of poor reception on my Android and Apple handsets come through with solid signals and amazingly fast performance. Nice! 6. I live in a poor reception area for Verizon and would see one bar or 3g a lot, especially with my Apple. Not so with the 928. For the first time with a smart handset, I have great clarity throughout the house. 7. The screen clarity is also an impressive. At least on par with my Apple 5 and with it's slightly larger size, it's a nice improvement. 8. Self set up through Amazon was a 5 minute, painless affair. The 928/Windows 8 is well worth your consideration if you are in the market for a no compromises top of the line smart phone. At the .01 pricing at Amazon, it's the best value in the market.I've owned this phone for more than a month now & feel it's an excellent product. Very solid and excellent construction. I dropped it twice before I bought a skin/cell case for it without any problems or even scratches. My 1 & 1/2 year old son placed the phone in the microwave for about 10 seconds before I caught him & the only problem I ended up with was a temporary frozen screen. After turning the phone back on, I haven't had that problem any more. Plus my son is not allowed near it now. The screen is large & very clear even in direct sunlight. I like the square shape of it & the numerous color choices to change the theme/tile colors. When I get bored of one color, I quickly switch to another. The camera is of course excellent in both day & night time shots, but the video capture is even better. I have a Sony hand-held video camera that in bright sunlight keeps trying to refocus the lens & half the video comes out blurry. The video on this phone is crystal clear, very bright with vivid colors. My only 2 complaints: 1. I wish there was a "forward" button, not just a "go back" one. This would make navigation even easier. 2. And my biggest disappointment is that I can't add strings to phone numbers. With my old ancient phone, I could check my bank account balance by phone by entering the phone #, then "pause", "pause" and then the the account number. With windows phone in general this is not possible yet, although I saw online topics about making that possible through one of the Windows updates. If this is fixed, I will gladly change my rating to 5 stars then.I'm shocked. I wasn't really sure what to expect. I'm an avid Android phone use--all the way back to the first Droid Eris but between my Android tablet, phone, was getting bored with the os (I know, I'm weird) plus I used to have a Nokia phone way back in the day before smartphones and it was an awesome device. I really wanted to try another Nokia. I don't really play games or watch movies on my phone as much as some people, I use my tablet for that. I look a great phone, apps for weather, news, facebook, twitter, and a great camera. The camera was a selling point because mine had an 10 mp camera, but just wasn't that great. I am so surprised at how many features this phone has that my droid does. I can talk my texts which is a must, wireless charging is a must (I'll never buy another phone without it), speak my calls or my webpages and the voice pickup is very accurate. The one thing that surprised me the most was you can talk and tell your text messages to send which on Android you always had to hit the send button which defeated the hands off approach. The Nokia maps is great. Ability to have those offline as well as music app download offline is really great. Call quality on this thing is amazing, just as I thought it would be. Speaker and speaker phone is also great. The speaker phone hardly picks up any background swoosh noise or anything, which is nice for the person on the other end of the call. You can customize the tiles and make them as big or small as you want, so if you like a picture on your phone, make the tile bigger. My gmail and all my email accounts come over flawlessly to this phone as well as all of my contacts from my gmail side. Like I said, I'm truly shocked--I wasn't expecting to like this phone very much but the free price tag really was appealing. Oh, camera is awesome! Screen is nice and bright even in sunlight. It is a little heavy, but I like that in a phone and the slight curve to the back makes it easy to hold. Give it a try--you might be shocked as well :)My first Smartphone. I think I chose Windows Phone by default, because I couldn't get an Android because my nephew is a rabid Droid fan. I couldn't go with iPhone just because. When I first started using it I was very happy with it. I learned how to get more apps. and only download apps with good reviews. But the screen froze up on me about 3 times. That really scared me. Two times I took it to Verizon and they showed me how to hold the on button and the up and down button down at the same time to get it to power off. It has been good for a long while now. The updates have resolved some minor issues and filled out some capabilities. I am very happy with the hardware and the software. The app store has some very good apps. OK, we were at my mother in law's and my nephew was bragging on his Droid and saying how Windows phone doesn't have good apps. We were putting in a dishwasher. He and his dad both dutifully shined their flashlight apps under the sink to hook it up. Then I turned on my Level app to set the correct level of the dishwasher. Josh was like, Oh Cool. I out apped him.I have used android phones since they ever existed...well, since Android 2.1. 2010 time frame. I love android. Its a tinkerer's dream. You can make the OS do anything you want it. The only problem, there are unforseen consequences for every thing that you change. Heck, I'm sure many of you would agree that android acts up on its own without any provocation. It crashes, freezes, locks up, memory loss, battery drain, without you even doing anything to it. After nearly four years of this, I got tired of it. I need a phone that worked. I was tired of my phone locking up over night and missing my alarm. I was tired of 3G-4G handoffs causing me to lose signal and drop calls. I was tired of my phone rebooting because it didn't like the app I was trying to use. My initial thoughts were the iPhone 5. At the moment, the next iPhone is about to be announced, so it would make no sense to buy the 5 at full price (it is and always will be full price). So I settled on this phone. It got good reviews, I needed it by the next day (my android finally died) (it was a Galaxy Nexus). Overnighted it and prayed for the best. I was pleasantly surprised by how good this phone is. Touch screen is super responsive. 720p is gorgeous on the screen. The styling of Windows 8 is absolutely gorgeous. It's a mix between good color scheme and minimalistic text. I always have signal, and it never freezes. I have never once gotten it to hang up. I know nothing about Windows 8 (well, like I do android), but I do know is that it works reliably and this phone is a gorgeous flag ship phone. Works flawlessly. Would recommend and I can answer any questions if need be.I simply love this phone. NOKIA's reputation for building great hardware is legendary, and the masterful craftsmanship of the guys at NOKIA is evident in the DNA of this phone. I was pleasantly surprised at how slim the device was when I opened the package. Coming from an Android...clunky, lagging android, using this phone was like a breath of fresh air. The user interface is so simple. So easy to use. The battery life is great too. I used my last NOKIA phone in 2009 and in the years between then and now, I was unable to find a phone with a calendar/ events scheduler & manager that was half as good...and yes, I used the BlackBerry, iphone, and a high end Android phone and they all came up short. This is a lovely phone. If you are considering buying this phone, I would recommend going to an authorised retailer and take a live one for a spin. Please don't listen to vox populi. I had all my co- workers discouraging me from buying this phone. When I asked them if they'd used the phone, they all said NO. Do your own research and make up your own mind. You will definitely decide in favour of this phone.I was unhappy with the battery life on my Galazy Nexus (Verizon) and decided to switch to a Windows Phone to try out the interface. I really like the tile interface on the phone form factor. I mostly text and read emails on my phone but the tiles make it easy to get updates on scores and news events. The interface is very intuitive and most functions can be completed with just a thumb. Battery life has been outstanding so far. I used to turn off 4G on my old phone to preserve battery but so far I have left it on with the Lumia 928 and easily get a full day of mixed usage. The one thing I thought I would miss from Android is the lack of LED alerting. I like to keep my ringer off and get notification of new email, appointment, text or phonecall based on the color LED. This phone doesn't have that feature, however I am not missing it as much as I expected. I generally leave the alerts on low volumne and they are sufficient to have me check my messages without being overly intrusive to those around me. The integration with Skydrive for the camera app is a nice feature that automatically backs up you photos to the cloud. I was surprised that my favorites from IE on my desktop didn't sync like they would to my Surface tablet but I have missed this less than I thought because of the live tiles. I suspect this feature will be added in the future. Overall I'm happy with the switch from Android and this platform seems to be a better fit for the way I use a phone.I've owned numerous android phones and had an iphone 4 before switching to the HTC 8X windows Phone. That phone sold me on the windows operating system. The 928 has sold me on Nokia as a phone maker. This is by far the nicest phone I've ever owned. For review sake, I'll compare it to the 8x: Bigger, brighter, and considerably sharper screen, longer battery life, blazing fast, more memory built in, and of course access to nokia exclusives. The biggest complaint against windows phone is the app store lagging behind android and Itunes in terms of the number of apps. well unless you are an app happy person who has to own every app in the market, windows phone has many popular apps and games, more official apps on the way, and comparable apps. 90% of the apps in the other stores are garbage apps or ones you won't use anyway. I swear by windows phone and recommend it to everyone. Now that I own the 928, I swear by this phone and nokia as well. Buy it, you won't be disappointed.After hesitating for more than 3 months about WP in general and the lack of apps etc, I finally pulled the trigger on this one. Happy that i did it. Nokia has done an awesome job. The design is awesome and WP does good too. Battery @2000mAh is great. If you dont switch on WiFi it lasts even longer. Here's what I liked most - Nokia - sleek design, awesome camera/camcorder, Nokia HERE apps are ultimate, Nokia Music is great..I downloaded the mix offline to hear and its great...I even found good collection of my mother tongue songs which I did nto expect to see. WP8 is great - I like the tile concept, the interface. For my gmail and yahoo, I just used the inbuilt mail client rather than the specific app. Happy so far on that. Only thing missing is a one-tap-call feature. In WP8 its two taps. Hope my experience continues just like this...The Bluetooth 3.0 on this phone is the best I have used yet. I can stream from the Nokia Music App or the other popular streaming services and it shows the song info perfectly in my 2012 Toyota Prius. It also does the Address book sync and the incoming text message to voice with spoken reply without a hitch. There are plenty of Apps in the store for my needs. I love that I can play XBOX Arcade games that earn Gamer Points. I'm impressed on how I can adjust the size and placement of the tiles. The battery life is great. I can talk on the phone during my 45 min commute one or both ways or stream music via Bluetooth both ways and I'll still have 3/4 battery left at the end of the day. So far I can't find fault with anything with the phone. I love it! My only issue is finding a horizontal holster that it fits in.Smooth interface, no glitches, beautiful screen. Only negative is if you are an app freak and want every app out there. Most apps I use have been written for windows by now so a non issue for me. The quality of operation is well worth any lacking apps. Sound quality is excellent through the headphone jack and rhapsody and Pandora work well and sound great. Battery life is very good, I can get through a day without a charge first smartphone I've had that can do that. If you get one make sure to get a case as the phone by itself is slick and skinny and easily dropped. I use a poetic case and its perfect.Love the phone this phone i used to have a droid that i liked but i actually think i use this phone way more! very cool features Current Verizon customers be AWARE! If are upgrading your Verizon phone be very careful!The Amazon site will tell you there is no need to change your plan but when you get the phone and activate it Verizon forces you to switch to one of the new Data plans. So if you have unlimited data you will no longer be able to have that option and yes the 2g option (lowest they have) of cores costs more than your old unlimited planI bought this phone with my verizon upgrade and really its as good as advertised, and as bad as some have said as well. I've had the phone for a couple weeks now and have loved every minute of it. I'm coming off the iOS craze that everyone else seems to be in and wanted to try a windows phone and I must say so far I have been very impressed, sure the apps store leaves alot to be desired but since my iPad covers all the apps I really want having a smartphone that isnt over run is amazing. I would recommend looking into some of the sites/forums out there devoted to Windows phones before you completely commit to see if some of the missing apps will hinder you or not, and to find some of the cooler features that Iseem to be finding every day though over all I have to say its been a blast owning this phone and I really look forward to using it over the next few years, and if Microsoft keeps it up my next phone will definately be a WIndows phone as wellI have been very happy with my Nokia Lumia 928. I've been using it for about 2 months now and I'm glad I upgraded from my HTC Trophy. I really enjoyed Windows Phone 7 on my previous phone and it was the first phone that I've used well past my upgrade eligibility because it was very smooth and stable even after 2 years. I was going to wait to see what else comes out over the coming months but I couldn't pass up the sale Amazon had on this phone. Even though I really enjoyed my Trophy, the Lumia 928 is a big leap ahead. I love all the added features and apps WP8 has and the Nokia software makes it even more unique. I use Microsoft services like OneNote, Excel and SkyDrive alot for work and they integrate seamlessly with this phone. I haven't really found any apps that I couldn't live without that were missing on WP8 compared to IOS or Android. My only complaint is that I have had to reboot the phone, due to minor glitches in apps, more often than I did with WP7. However, my Trophy may have been an anomaly, since I think I only rebooted it for glitches or freezes about a dozen times in the 2+ years I used it.I dont have a ton of time to write a review, so it will be short. I wanted a non apple device that just worked, after years with android, and dealing with its crap, i switched to WinMo. I am happy i did. The device works, it has yet to freeze, reboot, or give me any issues. Android constantly gave me problems, it is so fragmented that it just didnt always work. This works. Sure it may be missing some apps and web browser options, but they are coming along slowly. I use my phone to text (on screen keyboard is great), email (gmail), and browse the web (IE). it works. Just wish it had flash, i miss flash.This is the best phone I have owned. It has a larger display than iPhone but still fits nicely in the pocket. The live tiles provide useful, continually updated information, the camera is great with lots of creative apps, and you have Microsoft Office right on your phone. The user interface is intuitive and smooth. The built in navigation system is clear and accurate, with spoken directions if desired. It finds locations by name quickly and directs you to them while you drive. I prefer it to my Garmin. There is nothing I don't like about this phone.I'm not a smart phone jockey, but I get by. I decided to try the Nokia with the mobile Windows because I resist following the crowd into iPhones and Samsung Android phones. Also, I don't think I need millions of different apps to choose from - I find it kind of confusing actually. The Nokia Lumia 928 is attractive, simple to use, has some nice apps from both Nokia and Microsoft to try, and easy to customize - so far. But I discovered that the first phone I received had a problem with its speaker phone. I could hear everybody just fine, but they couldn't hear me. So I replaced it via Amazon and the process of doing so was easy. Now I've had the replacement phone just a few days and yesterday it locked up in such a way that I couldn't even shut it down because the slide screen (which you use to shut the power off) was totally unresponsive - or so I thought until I researched the problem online and found a means to a soft reset that worked. But that same online community seems to say that this phone freezes up frequently, which I hope isn't true. I still like the Nokia Lumia 928 phone for its features and the camera is great, but if it becomes trouble-prone I might change my mind.I would recommend this phone if you just need a basic phone without a lot of the popular apps and games. It doesn't always connect to the internet and it has issues downloading some apps. Sometimes the touchscreen will stop working and you have to restart the phone. It works to call and text. Overall it did not work as well as I had hoped but it is still an okay phone.I wanted to get away from a Droid for a while mainly because of the battery drainage. This one drains about as much as well but I have to face the facts, if you want a smart phone that is what you're going to have to deal with. But for the most part, I like it. I am a computer technician and used to techy stuff. This is quite simple compared to a droid once you learn it. It has plenty of apps. I just don't like that it doesn't have flash on it so I can't play my fb games etc... I can watch video's however. If you want a phone that is more like Window's this is what you need.Hardware is fantastic, solid feel, gorgeous screen and feels great in the hand (and I don't have the biggest hands). Can see screen clearly even in bright sunlight. Call quality is fantastic. The WP8 OS runs nice and smooth. Camera takes great pics, especially in non-ideal lighting (harsh lighting or dim surroundings). As many have noted, the app selection is not as extensive as iPhone or Android. But I'd say the Windows Phone store has most of the biggies. Nokia has done a pretty good job at filling in key voids. In short, it is a solid performer and I have enjoyed using it so far.I have owned Apple, Android & Symbian phones in the past. This phone beats them all hands down. Nokia has come out with a real winner with this one. Voice quality is crystal clear - I have used this phone both in the US and internationally and it has performed above par in all environments. Data access is super fast thanks to the Qualcomm Snapdragon processor. Number of apps for Windows are definitely less than those for Apple and Android phones, but that is really not a deterrent. The available apps fulfill my needs and more. Windows 8 is easy to use and very responsive and intuitive. Camera is A++, never seen such crystal clear pictures even with my 10MP digital camera. I am very happy with my purchase and would strongly recommend this phone to anyone. You will not be disappointed.My target price was free to $50. This was the highest rated and reviewed phone and new as of 4th quarter 2012 in that price range available w/ Verizon. I wanted something different than my old starter Thunderbolt HTC, didn't want to pay for a new iphone, didn't want to go with an older Samsung. I liked the way the Windows phone looked, and I'm always into the underdog as a rule anyway. I had issues getting the sim card to sync, but that had a lot to do with Verizon not flipping the switch from old to new, and I forgot to pull the battery out of my old phone to make sure it was off so it's recognized properly. Phone is a beauty, it's like going from SD to HD with a TV, just looks gorgeous. I was able to move my contacts easily with a transfer app, free. I already dl Pandora and am playing music on this bad boy. Thunderbolt had low sound, this is much better. I love Windows 8 so far easy to pull up everything you need on that front page, THIS IS HUGE TO ME, easy breezy lemon peezy. I really think this phone is more cutting edge than iphones, samsungs, htc's except for the brand spanking new ones, windows phones just are the unknown for most folks. Give this one a shot. I love it, huge upgrade for me. CNET: The good: Nokia's Lumia 928 introduces a slimmer body and straight, grippable sides. Low light camera performance is top-notch. The bad: Verizon's typically blazing speeds stumbled on the Lumia 928, and call quality sounded harsher than Nokia's usual standard. Those looking for Nokia's bright statement hues won't find them here. (I don't find faults with either of these issues the reviewer had, and either did any of the reviews I read) The bottom line: Windows Phone fans on Verizon should buy the $100 Nokia Lumia 928 (I paid $49.99 on Amazon family plan) for its strong feature set, but watch out for slower-than-usual data speeds. CNET Users: 4.5/5 based on 8 reviews ***Update: I'm not a normal user, because I get free use of the phone on my family plan so I'm limited in data usage. So a few notes. This is the prettiest phone I've ever had, slick as heck, beuatiful screens, great having all your apps on the front page with all the customization you want, nice easy to use camera. However, this phone is super sensitive to water. I'm talking drops when I clean the screen with a cleaner, or a light overspray from the sink, the phone can flip out. You can't take the battery out to reset it. I couldn;t even figure out how to manually shut it off, cuz you normally shut it off slide screen and when that was frozen I panicked. You hold power and volume down to pass the slide screen when stuck. I thought my phone was dead over the weekend, touch screen didn't work, I couldn't turn it off because of that.I t finally shut off from the battery dying and restarted good as new. So a very very light spray on a microfiber cloth is my next move to clean it. Other issue is apps, like instagram isn't compatable yet, there aren't normal iphone and android apps available always, very anoying. Otherwise it's a brilliant phone. It depends what kind of user you are.Down loaded stuff off my computer like people phone numbers on my Facebook page when it's was plunged into my laptop for charging only. Was not warned that it was downloading mass information. The phone is stored away. Can't delete nothing on it. My info from my Facebook page stayed on the phone taking a lot of storage.I LOVED THIS PHONE ONCE I GOT IT ALL SET UP. UNFORTUNATELY, THE TOUCH SCREEN QUIT RESPONDING AT ABOUT 2 WEEK. IT HAPPENED SUDDENLY AND I COULD NOT EVEN SHUT IT OFF. I WILL BUY ANOTHER ONE AS SOON AS I GET MY REFUND. NEXT TIME I'LL GET A CERTIFIED REFURBISHED NOKIA 928.I read the reviews on the is phone from the Verizon website and 94% of the people who purchased loved and recommended this phone! It is so easy to use and has all the apps that I need and use on a regular basis. I have no complaints. I am a verizon customer so I upgraded my phone through Amazon for .01 cent. Verizon was asking for $99.00. I paired mine with the fat boy charging station for a great charge. I highly recommend this phone and the windows operating system!Has faded outlines of on-screen buttons on the bottom. Top and bottom half developed different brightness a few weeks after starting to use it.I buy a ton of stuff from Amazon, and this is the first review I have been compelled to write here. This phone is that good. I am coming from a Droid X2, which I wasn't really unhappy with except for the battery life. I won't get into the battery life issue as I am not reviewing the Droid, but let's just say it was atrocious. I was not unhappy with Android OS, but I didn't love it either, so when my contract was up I was willing to take a look around to see what else was out there for me. All of the phones I was considering (Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note II, Iphone 5, Droid Maxx) were $200 or more, so I was surprised to find this Nokia for $29.99 here at amazon (It can be had for $19.99 right now at wirefly.com, but I am a Prime member so the basically overnight shipping and support was worth the extra $10). I read about the issues with app availability and synching to Google, then I went down to the local Verizon store and played with the phone. I loved the interface and the look of the live tiles, but it still took me a couple of days to decide I was comfortable moving away from Android. I am so glad I did. Pros: -price. There just is not another deal like this out there. -Windows8 Phone OS. It is so simple, visually attractive, fast, and stable. My apps launch now, switching between apps or from apps to the home screen, the phone never hangs. It just runs silky smooth everywhere, and everything is easy to find and work with. Apps just work in WP8, and they work the same way every time. I had a lot of on again/off again functionality with the Droid apps, they would work like they were supposed to most of the time, but sometimes they wouldn't. The Droid OS did the same kind of stuff to me, sometimes it would sign on to the wireless at work or home automatically like it was supposed to, sometimes it wouldn't and I would need to do it manually. I also love being able to uninstall any app, I hated the amount of pre-loaded crap that was on my Droid. There is a ton more to love about WP8, like the way it consolidates all of your contact information from multiple sources into one contact (so facebook profile, LinkedIn profile gmail profile, etc... for the same person are all presented to you as a unified profile with all the data from the separate services, but the profiles all remain distinct in the background and can be edited individually), but I won't get into every bit of it, you should just try it yourself. -email client. This really belongs under the WP8 OS heading, but that was getting long and the email interface is so nice on this phone that it deserves it's own section. It's the little things, but it really is the most pleasant email interface I have used. Gmail works flawlessly here too. -Integration with other Microsoft services. I love how smooth the MS Office apps work here, they are so useable it is just a pleasure to work with Excel, Word, Outlook, PP, etc... -MS SmartGlass integration. I am a gamer and Xbox is my proffered platform for consoles (I have and like a PS3 as well but the 360 is what I use for multiplayer so I use it a lot more). The SmartGlass app works so smoothly and is so cool, it is just a great feature. I know it is available on Android/iOS as well, but it just functions flawlessly here on WP8. Spartan Assault is also very cool, really good Halo game on a phone. -Nokia phone. I have always loved Nokias and this is no exception. Good solid build quality and well thought out overall. -Performance. This phone blazes and switches between tasks so fast. It is only a dual core, 1.5 GHz processor but it really works great. From what I have read (and experienced), WP8 is not the processor hog that Android is. -Battery life. I can go a whole day and part of the next without a recharge unless I am hammering it with games/video and tons of downloading. This was my main complaint about my Droid and I am really pleased with the Nokia battery so far. It also has built in wireless charging. I didn't think I cared about this until I tried it, now I won't be going back to plugging in a phone to charge, ever. -Reception. I get 4G reception with this phone in areas where my wife is only getting 3G, and I get signal in pretty remote areas where others are getting nothing. I hike and ride my mountain bike pretty deep in the boonies, so this is really great. I will add here that while the Nokia Here maps program doesn't have as much "places" detail as Google maps, it does give you the option to download the maps to the phone so you can view it offline. Handy feature for those aforementioned trips to the boonies. The maps themselves are good as well, and I like the directions feature better than Google maps. -Camera. The camera is great, it is a champ in low light conditions and the xenon flash produces great looking (if not quite true to life) colors, I love it. That's all I am going to say on he camera, but there are lost of detailed review of it out there. -Screen. The screen is beautiful and the colors are so vibrant. Pics and video look great as well, best phone screen I have owned. Cons: -App selection for app hounds. I have found an app to replace most all that I used on Android, but there is not even close to the selection. The big ones are here though for the most part and the app list is growing daily. -Google integration is not seamless as it is with Android. I hesitate to put this under "Cons" because I have gotten Google to work pretty good here. It is not automatic as it is with an Android device however. The niggle is Google Calender, it doesn't integrate fabulously yet because Google hasn't supported WP8 with an app, but it does work via the email section with alerts etc..., you just have to use the Google mobile site to work with the calender itself. Google maps must be used on the mobile site as well. -Can't expand internal storage. The 928 has 32GB of internal storage, so you have a lot on board, but you can't install any more. This is mitigated by really easy and free access to MS SkyDrive. You can set the phone up to automatically backup your pics, videos, docs, whatever to SkyDrive so you don't need to keep everything on the device. I don't mind but other might, so I am including it on the "Cons" list. -Can't replace the battery manually. I never carried an extra battery with me until I got my Droid, and I haven't carried one since I got rid of my Droid, so there's that. I also have a roll up solar charging mat I carry in my backpack, so I don't need an extra battery when I go out in the boonies. If my internal battery starts to significantly degrade before my 2 year contract is up, this will turn into a problem for me. These are the only negatives I can come up with yet, but I will edit my review if I come up with some more. I was initially worried about committing to two years of WP8, but I couldn't be happier with my choice. It's rare to get a truly superior option for a dirt cheap price, and that's what compelled me to write this review.It is INDESTRUCTIBLE. I dropped a scanner on the screen without a scratch, dropped it numerous times, even accidentally washed it with the bed sheets... it took a week, but it is dry and alive! Battery life was decent, screen beautiful, I loved it!The Nokia Lumia 928 on Verizon Wireless is a great device for those who want a Windows Phone 8 device that has a lot of great software. The screen resolution is wonderful for pictures and reading text. The included Nokia Cinemagraph and HERE Map and GPS programs make it great as your travel companion when going from point A to point B.I was waiting for this phone to come out at Verizon for a few months last year. Finally, it became available and I upgraded my Motorola Droid. At first, I really liked the quality of the screen, but soon my first impression was marred by the text messaging glitch when the users were not able to send text messages intermittently. Apparently, it was a result of a software update and complaints about it were widespread on the Internet. For me the issue lasted for a couple of days before MS/Nokia fixed it. Also, I found ridiculous that the phone didn't have the external New message or Missed call LED light. Another annoying thing was the signal strength. My Motorola phone (3G) never had reception problems where I work (western part of Los Angeles). Nokia phone often shows 1 bar LTE (4G) signal strength here, but is unable to make a call, send text message or connect to the web. Since the phone doesn't have a removable battery, there is a sequence of hardware keys to press for a hard restart. The first time the phone froze, I was getting into my car waiting for the important call and when the person actually called and I was not able to answer, I was ready to crush the phone. I suppose, freezing has also something to do with the software updates, because sometimes it occurs several times a day and sometimes not once in a couple of months (I don't have a lot of apps, so I can't attribute this freezes to the poorly programmed apps). Now, in order of priority: The quality of phone calls - no complaints. The sound is clear and loud. Bluetooth works just fine. The phone had glitches when the proximity sensor did not work properly and Mute, End call or other keys could be pressed on the screen inadvertently (this issue is well documented on the support web sites), but it seems to be a software problem and was fixed. What annoys me a lot, is that the volume key is not application-specific. For instance, if you want to watch a youtube clip without disturbing the others and turn the volume all the way down, it will mute your ringer and if you forget to turn it back up, it will stay muted. The same is true for the phone's music player. Web browsing. I do a lot of browsing on my phones. The standard issue Internet Explorer (IE) is beyond pathetic. When I got the phone, there were no other browsers available. These days a few more can be downloaded, but Firefox is still not available. I tried Nokia browser and did not like it. IE is slow, freezes more often that I can tolerate, cannot handle some web pages, does not have Forward capability (sometimes very inconvenient). E-mail. No major issues here. All my corporate accounts and a hotmail account it integrated seamlessly. The issue with Hotmail (a Microsoft service, supposed to work perfectly with the MS software environment), however, is that Trash and Junk folders don't seem to sync properly, despite "Sync all folders" setting is selected. I noticed it after few months and it resulted in that the phone stores a couple of hundreds of sent messages and almost a thousand of spam messages that only can be deleted by checking them ONE BY ONE - there is no way to select all of them at once. And yes, I delete these every couple of days when I log on to my account from my computer. Messaging. I don't do a lot of messaging, so no major complaints here except for what I mentioned before. Occasionally, the text messages can't go through and if you closed the messenger app, there will be no signal that the message hasn't been sent. Several times it happened to me when I was waiting for the response and in 30 minutes would discover that my message was sitting there with a "Can't send message" line. Camera - superb, beats any other phone camera that I compared it to. Navigation. Works great, better that my gf's iphone. Maps. Great, and Google maps app has recently became available. All in all, the phone did not meet my expectations. The hardware itself might be solid, but the combination with Windows 8 software really makes the phone subpar. I will not be getting Nokia/MS combination again in the future.This is a great, solid device. The camera is ahead of its time even though it is a little bit slow. Windows 8.1 is spectacular and the battery life is quite long. The screen is vibrant and the even though it is made with poly-carbonate, the design is exceptional as would be expected from Nokia.I like this phone. It is easy to use and understand for those of us technologically challenged. My original Nokia Lumia was stolen along with the user manual. This replacement came well packaged but without the original box and no user manual.Wow! Great price from Deal Fisher. Great phone. This was my first Windows phone, replacing an iphone 5c. As bad as Windows 8 is on a PC, it's excellent on a phone. I don't use a lot of apps, and all the ones I use are here. Love the free navigation (no data use) that comes with this Windows phone.I love this phone. I really like the layout and Cortana is awesome. While there are not quite as many apps as iOS or Android there is more than enough for me (and there are new ones all the time).Great camera and mapping system.Love it, what more is there to tell......Great looking phone, in fact it looks brand new and the packaging looked brand new. Does everything it is suppose to do. Thank you, oh, it also came a day earlier than expected. That was a bonus for sure.Love this phone. It's like a laptop with a phone phone number.Awesome camera! Awesome call quality! Awesome build quality! Awesome OS! (WP8 is frustration free, silky smooth, fun, different, and robust enough to tinker with) Awesome native MS Office integration! Highly recommended!This is a great smart phone. I use windows 8 with my computer, so I was accustomed to it. I would recommend this phone to anyone.Windows on my phone surface, desktop and xbox one. My files in onedrive available anywhere. More elegant than IOS.Loved my windows phone.I have used an iPhone for years. I saw this phone and figured that it would play nice with my new Windows 8 Tablet; and boy was I right. This is a fan-tastic device! It is very intuitive and more user friendly than an iOS device. Granted there aren't as many applications for Windows 8, but they are coming. This phone is a definite buy!I love this product. It is an excellent smart phone based on windows OS. It is easy to use and takes great pictures. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a smart phone.The phone actually works better than the original phone I purchased from Verizon! This phone replaces my old 928.Exactly what I ordered. Good quality. No issues with shipping or packaging. I would recommend this item to others.This phone replaces the same model that I loved. I am very pleased with the windows format. It is easy to work with and use.Love the Lumina Microsoft combo. Great service and great phones. Buy a Trident rugged case and you are good to go!The phone is good, however it is locked , and the verizon clerks or the customer service people wont give you the unlock code. so now the system updated to Windows phone 8.1 and i cant send messages to other people, only receive it. Not even the metro pcs clerks were able to set up the Text Messages....I had it 2 months and the phone screen turned black no longer works....what a waste of money...the phone is in perfect condition and just stop working....OK, so the early production code name for this phone was the Verizon Laser. Too bad they didn't stick with ; ) it but I can understand why. This is the perfect business phone. The good (not necessarily in order of importance): 1) Windows UI: So much better than android and iOS in my opinion. I upgraded from an iphone 4 which was also an awesome device, but the usability of the Windows Phone OS is so much better, fluid, and easier to manage. iOS just seemed clunky to use in my opinion, even after over a year of heavy use. The Windows phone OS is really a mix of iOS and Android, easier to use than Android but offers more flexibility than iOS. 2) Skydrive: Not perfect yet but very awesome none the less. I'm using the Windows 8.1 preview on my tablet/laptop and Skydrive is integrated now into your document libraries. Auto upload of photos and documents from the phone are available through explorer in Windows 8 and vice versa. It's also handy to have skydrive available from a web browser. No more dropbox for me! It works very well and there was no setup required with the exception of having a Microsoft account. 3) Nokia Exclusive Apps: Not enough is said about Nokia's app lineup. Photobeamer, the camera app, the augmented reality apps, all very cool and useful. Their GPS navigation app works very well and is fun to use. 4) The camera: Top notch awesome photos, good zoom, easily the best camera I have played with on a phone. Night time photos look awesome as well thanks to the fancy flash. 5) Office: Out of the box editing word, powerpoint, and excel on the go! Sure, you aren't going to build a whole business presentation on a phone, but making quick edits is very handy. The email app is far superior to android and ios for my business use. 6) Hardware: Very high quality! The screen is top notch, very vivid colors and deep blacks. Videos look amazing. The 928 can hold its own up to a Samsung Galaxy and iPhone. The buttons are well placed, the speaker is loud and clear. Calls are much clearer than my iPhone was. I really like the placement of all buttons on the phone as well. Good spacing and easy to access. I'll also note that it went flying out of my hand screen down into a gravel parking lot. After letting out a loud sissy squeak, I was relieved to find no visible scratches on the screen. Very impressive. With that in mind, cases for this device are pretty limited for now as well as the screen protectors. 7) XBOX Live: True they don't have the selection of games that Android or iOS does, but the integration of your XBOX live account is very well done and fun to use. NBA Jam is really fun and the controls/touchscreen work great. 8) I could go on about more little things I love about this phone but will cut it short. This is the only Windows Phone you should consider in my opinion. If you are an app fanatic, the Windows OS may not be a good choice yet as they grow the app store. I will say the apps they do have are high quality. For business use, the Nokia with Windows is the clear choice. I may be a little biased towards Windows as an admin, but also enjoy and respect Apple and Google's interfaces as well. The Bad: 1) I really don't have any complaints yet after a month of use. A couple freeze ups (thankfully no blue screens!) easily fixed by a reboot. If you are considering this phone, GET IT. You will be satisfied.Piece of junk .. didn't work .. wasn't factory reset nor would it allow me to reset. Screen is glass broke it in a week. Garbage phoneIt was at a good price for a replacement phone(especially since I did not get the insurance from Verizon). Only gripe is that after a couple of days, the headphone jack stopped working properly. Since I needed the phone function more than listening to music, it will surfice.My son loved this phone.I just wish it had a snapchat app.I needed a cheap, cool phone and fast! I am glad I came across the Nokia Lumia because if I did not, I would be stuck paying a lot of money for an I phone. Just make sure when you buy this phone, get a case along with it or else you will be left with a nice looking crack across your screen.This phone is NOT up data be to Windows ten, it has NO so card capability, I am returning it!I already had this phone but I broke it. I love it so much. I was extra excited about finding the exact phone online without paying so much money for it.It is so refreshing when using this phone.. Interface is awesome. it is slick and very responsive!! Trust me and make a switch if you are a Android user!I love this phone but it won't work on my page plus provider. They don't support phone with SIM card needed.Love it! Fast, intuitive....great purchase. Screen is beautiful and pictures are amazing! This is my first transition to Windows phone after using android.Perfect!I really like the pictures, especially in low light. The phone does all that they said it would. Love it!It works for me. Easy to sync with PC Windows 8.1 Pro. Office 365.bought if for my daughter (first smart phone). she loves the live tiles. she has a windows 8 lap top so the two talk easily. she hasn't complained about a lack of applications.I love this phone.Excellent piece of hardware. But the OS is a bit disappointing. Limited in network accessibilities. Also, because of LTE, this can not be used with Page Plus Carrier.Phone is working great with no issues.sleek and easy setup. no issues. excellent camera, using carl zeiss technology. Very durable, no scratches and no need for a plastic screen protector or case.the best phone I have had. I love windows 8 so easy to operate, and I think the tiles are a lot better than the icons on other operating systemsIt's good.This is a great phone. My husband loves how it integrates with his business software. He says he would highly recommend this phone.The Nokia Lumia 928 works great. The bad thing is most apps that I use are not compatible for this type of phone.Absolutely love this phone. Camera is pretty impressive and the snapdragon dual core processor keeps apps running smoothly and almost no "hang time".Does everything i need. Beautiful and fashionable. Only downside is the high frequency of shot down. Not sure it's because of windows.I love this phone.. wasn't sure at first but the more i used it the better it got. very happyI really like this product, as good as what I expected and I am very satisfied with this shopping experience!Great phone. We really love it, and love all of the windows features. Great deal! We aren't sure if we'll ever go back to anything else!This phone arrived and was much better than expected for a used device. Excellent shape and operation.Great conditionGood choice, Nokia should have improved battery lifeLove this phone!!The windows phone is new to me. The operating system appears to work well and the phone itself is very responsive and quick. It's easy to get use to the new layout as opposed to the Android that I'm use to. The only thing I don't like is that the phone is so symmetrical that you just can't tell which end is up by feel. You have to be looking at it and there must be light, because you need to be able to see the buttons on the side. It doesn't help that the buttons are the exact shade of black as the rest of the phone. I wish the buttons were white. Also the buttons are poorly placed so that you almost can't help but to press one just by holding the phone. Also, the phone is hard to hang onto. It's like a bar of soap. A little forethought could have gone a long way with this design. It would be a lot better if it were squared off and if it had something to distinguish the top from the bottom.take a little time to get use to the windows 8 os, and there aren't as many apps, but overall it a great phoneNokia has a great product here. The camera is awesome. I like the lens effects. I find the Windows IS to be very clean, intuitive, and stable. The app store is a bit disappointing, but similar in scope to the original android store in it's early days.Many people are hesitant to try the windows 8 OS. I happen to like it and own a Surface tablet. So I thought a windows phone would be nice. The windows OS on the Nokia 928 was lovely. However, the phone itself was terrible. Battery life was worse than my 2 yr old iPhone 4, and I had to charge it even before the day was through. Call quality was poor and I had difficulties hearing people on the other line. If windows had their system in a higher quality phone, it might be doing better in sales. But until then, I could not recommend the Nokia Lumia 928 to anyone.The phone is easy to use and provides a great communication tool. The screen is easy to read. The picture quality is amazing. The camera button is easy to hit by accident.I had been waiting for this phone for 6 months, as ATT had an exclusivity contract with Nokia for the 920, and I must say that it was well worth the wait. This phone is fantastic all around. I can't tell you how many android and apple users have stopped me to comment on my phone, picked it up to play with, and sighed with regrets that they just renewed their contracts picking up a new Galaxy or iPhone. A brief breakdown by area: Hardware: Nice size and weight, not bulky or heavy despite some biased reviews out there, and is certainly lighter than the iPhone once its been "Otterboxed." Smooth and curved on the back for ease of holding, squared off on front. Easy to reach the whole screen with my thumb despite having small hands for a man. Wireless charging with the basic charging pad is quick and simple. Very satisfied to not have to struggle with micro-usbs anymore. Can't comment on durability because I haven't dropped it yet. Interace: Sleek, smooth, feels very high end and hi-tech, making the iPhone and Galaxy feel dated. Screen quality: Beautiful. Slightly dimmer than the iPhone at top brightness. Good visibility outside in sun. Battery Life: Pretty good, with heavy use you will likely need to recharge at least once daily. Apps: This is the big gripe point with WindowsPhones in general. There are fewer of thost "must-have" Apps, most notably instagram, dropbox, and personally for me HBOGO, however, these are the only Apps I find myself missing. There are decent 3rd party apps that can do the same. Lomogram for instagram, SkyDrive for dropbox. No 3rd party HBOGO app, but Netflix and Hulu are available. Pandora and Nokia music should keep you happy on the music end. Built in email interface is far more robust and streamlined than the android version...as a Gmail user I was very surprised by how much better Microsoft was able to manage Gmail than google based android. Facebook App is more than adequate. The App situation should improve substantially, particularly in light of the 928 now available on Verizon, and T-mobile getting their own flagship 925. Camera: Best available in the market. I have not picked up my Nikon DSLR because the shots I get off my 928 are comparable if not superior, particularly in low light. I took a photo this AM with family in pitch-black closet, and the quality is phenomenal with the xenon flash. Low light shots without flash are quite good as well. Very cool photo apps like SmartShot(takes rapid burst of pics and you pick the best one), panorama, and an animated-GIF app. Video: 1080P, better than real life quality. Can't do much better than this. Sound: On full volume(30/30), the sound can fill the room, although can be tinny at highest volumes). I can confidently say that if you take a chance and pick up this phone you will not regret it.I owned this phone for no more than 14 days before it completely went out on me. It was glitchy from the 2nd day and just got worse after that. You can't take the battery out so if it freezes up, you have to go get a new one altogether. Which, would be fine if you could take it to the Verizon store and swap it, but since I purchased it on Amazon they make you go through them and you are stuck without a phone. I understand that some phones are just defective, but that was not the only thing I dislike about this phone. * I came from a Galaxy S2 to this, and it did not have SOOO many of the basic features or sound settings that I would expect from the typical phone. There's only one sound setting for EVERYTHING. * I got this because of the camera and the excellent reviews, there are very little cool things you can do with this camera and I wasn't impressed with the photos. * TOTALLY lacking in apps. And I really don't use a ton of apps or play any games! Just the basic stuff you want! I am now a proud owner of the Galaxy S4 and love it completely. Camera and all. I have no regrets and would have died if I had to be stuck with this phone for 2 years.Didnt come with a SIM card Can't use itI really regret buying this for a couple of reasons because I thought I won't care about less apps.....but when they say less apps they ment it like there light years behind android and iPhone that's the first problem and the second problem is that this phone is sooooo damn slow that's why I switched to android and I haven't looked back since! But I do like the layout out of the phone that all the apps are on one screen that's about the only thing I liked about the phone.Received the Phone within 2 to 3 days. Verizon confirmed the phone's SIM Card was defective and could not be used with any SIM Card. Returned the phone within 2 days for a monetary refund.had to send back couldn't hear the other party talking was brokenBackground: In the past three years, I have used iPhone 4, 4S and 5. I also used Droid X and Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me tell you from the start that I am not a loyal customer of any brand. I will give my business to any company as long as they give me the best value possible. Hopefully, this background information will be useful to you since if we are coming from different backgrounds, this review maybe useless to you. First of all, I am not a heavy user. When I had Android phones, I didn't install custom roms or anything like that due to security concerns. I also didn't jailbreak my iPhones for the same reason. I don't install tons of apps or play many games on my phones. Just to give you an idea, I probably had less than 100 apps in my iPhone and much less than that on S3 since the apps that I would want to download on Android platform would require me to accept their unreasonable terms where apps would want to access my contacts, full network access, phone storage, messages and such for no apparent reason. I log into banks and etc on my phones, there is no way I am giving those kind of permissions to apps! As a result, I am not a fan of Android. Also, I had a lot of issues with both of my Android phones. Even the Samsung Galaxy S3 had lagging, freezing and rebooting issues after only 2 weeks of usage. Plus, the build quality of the S3 left a lot to be desired. So, I sold it after owning it for less than a month and purchased an iPhone 4S. My experience with IOS was much better. I initially didn't have any lagging, freezing or rebooting issues at all. What they advertised was true, it just worked. It was somewhat boring and had a small screen compared to competitors but it was safer and it worked great. However, after the iPhone 5 launch my 4S started having performance issues following the OS updates. I am pretty sure that Apple did this on purpose to make their customers upgrade to the newest iPhone. They succeeded as well. I upgraded to iPhone 5 only to regret it later. It is light, fast and has 4g lte but other than that I felt it was the same phone as the 4S. Sorry for taking so long to talk about the product that I am actually writing a review for but whenever I read reviews, I enjoy the ones that make comparisons. I find those reviews the most helpful, so I tried to do the same thing in my review. Now that's out of the way, let's talk about the Nokia Lumia 928. I will break this review down to pros and cons to make reading easier. Here are the pros: - Camera: It takes great pictures. Especially, the low light pictures are very good. IMO, Lumia 92x series have the best camera in the market except for the Lumia 1020 and Nokia 808. - Skydrive: It's similar to iCloud. You can upload your documents, pictures etc to skydrive. This phone will automatically backup your applist, settings, text messages and photos to skydrive. However, you can go to Settings -> Backup and turn backup off if you want to. I turned the automatic back up for the pictures off because when I take a picture that I don't like, I have to delete it from the camera roll as well as the skydrive. I thought I would rather upload the ones that I really like than delete the ones that I don't like from both locations every single time. - Battery Life: This phone has great battery life. However, you have to do a few adjustments to get the full potential. Do yourself a favor and search online for Windows Phone 8 battery tips and you'll see a list of adjustments you can make to improve your battery life. I just got this phone a week ago but I've already gotten 2 days out of it with moderate usage after I've made the adjustments. If you need any help, just add a comment and I'll try to help you out if I can. - Ability to uninstall bloat ware without hacking the device!. Not that it comes with many bloat ware but for example I uninstalled the Verizon navigation without any issues. Its very simple, tap and hold the app and click uninstall. Easy! - Performance: Exceptional. Very fluid, lag free. - Build Quality: Very good. Go to a Verizon store and check this phone out, you'll see what I am talking about. My only problem is the soft keys (Windows, back and search buttons have a yellowish color when lit which is not normal) When I searched online, it seems that a lot of people have the same issue. Honestly, it doesn't bother me. But if it's something that would bother you, just make sure the phone that you purchase doesn't have that issue in the store before you take it home. - Wireless charging: I think it's a nice feature. I welcome any type of real innovation. I believe these type of innovations are not only important for what they actually do currently but also they push competitors to come up with other innovations as well to stay competitive. In my opinion, this creates a better value for customers. - Screen: Looks great. Very nice colors. You can view the screen in direct sun light with no problems. It won't be the same as viewing it at night but it is much better than iPhones and Android devices that I've used/seen. - Speakers: Pretty good. Not on par with HTC One's speakers but definitely better than most. - Nokia exclusive apps: Nokia maps is great. It will give you voice guided navigation with street names. I tested it out once and it worked out great. The biggest plus for Nokia maps is the fact that you don't need data connection. Just download your regions map and you are set. Additionally, maybe due to the phone not having to use data to get map information, it ran much cooler than my previous iPhones and Android devices while using the navigation app which is a big plus. - Value: You are getting a great device, a fluid and stable OS, 32gbs of standard storage and a great camera for only $30 with a 2 year contract at Amazon or $450 without signing a contract. This is a great value. I seriously don't know if there are any better deals out there. I am very happy with my decision to buy this phone. I think you'll feel the same way too. Now time for the Cons: - As I mentioned before, even though this phone has great build quality, the yellowish buttons puts a dent on its greatness. - No sd card slot. I appreciate that this phone comes with standard 32gb of storage space. I also appreciate that we get skydrive for no additional cost but I would have still liked if we had the micro sd card slot so I could pop in a 64gb micro sd card and have 96gb of storage. - Notification bar. It's not a big deal and I understand that live tiles are the notification bar of Windows Phone 8 but I think it wouldn't have hurt having both. There are rumors that the upcoming update will give us a notification bar but nothing for sure yet. Not having it doesn't bother me much but I would welcome it if they added it. - Closing apps: I haven't seen anyone mention this and maybe it's something that I am doing wrong but when you have open apps in WP8, you have to close them by pressing the back button. However, if you for example open the internet explorer to browse the internet and you visit a few different links, you will have to press the back button multiple times to be able to close the app. I find that annoying. Also, to close the apps that are running in the background, you have to press and hold the back button which lets you view all the open apps in the background. However there is no "x" button on the right upper corners (just like iPhones do) to be able to close the apps easily. I have to open each app and press the back button to actually close that app. I think it's a big flaw and they need to address this in their next update. Again, I only had this phone for a week so maybe there is a very intuitive way of closing apps that I am not aware of but AFAIK, that is what you need to do to close apps. - Apps: As I mentioned earlier, I am not a heavy app user so I really don't miss any apps from the IOS. However, I understand that not everyone is like me and some people may have certain apps that they use and are not willing to give them up to move to WP8. So, make a list of your most used apps and see if WP8 has them or not. Conclusion: I really like this device. The more I use it, the more I like it and the less I miss the IOS. I would highly recommend that you give this phone a try. If you have any questions, feel free to leave comments and I will try my best to answer your questions.Just the background...I got this phone as an upgrade on Verizon Wireless. I was previously using an Android based Thunderbolt (first LTE android phone for VZW). I had watched a buddy use her Lumia 920 so I had a decent idea of how Windows Phone 8 works. I have never previously owned a Windows based phone. 1. Speed. Initially I was worried that this phone would be slower than it's 4 core Android counter parts. This phone only has 2. I was honestly surprised. It is as fast as any of my buddies Note 2s and even their new S4s. Speed to use this phone is really fast. 2. Camera. This is best thing about this phone. I would suggest going to Youtube and watching some HD test videos (user videos...not Nokia commercials). The camera is truly amazing. The Xenon flash is great at night but just the day to day video and camera work is awesome. I love that I can just touch the screen where I want the camera to focus. Nokia has given you some really great applications like the panorama application which basically guides you through taking 3 photos that it stitches together to make a panorama shot. Applying a filter like Instagram is quick and easy. I also like that you can upload to SkyDrive automagically. You don't have to but you can. The 100GB storage is $50 or $6 a month if you need the maximum. It is the least expensive of the large capacity cloud storage solutions. *NOTE: There is a dedicated camera button on the Lumia 928 that takes you directly into the camera. 3. Battery life. I finally have a phone that I can go through the whole day on one charge. I can charge it at night and that is all I need for the whole day...whether I am surfing the net or my daughter is watching Netflix. YES!!!! 4. Nokia Here/Navigation. This took a little getting used to. At first I was frustrated with the maps because they weren't up to date. I then realized that you could download the maps directly to the phone in case there wasn't a data connection (nice to save on bandwidth). After downloading the new map for the US everything worked beautifully. *NOTE: If you leave Here turned on Nokia is smart enough to know what the speed limit is and will "ding" at you if you are going over the speed limit. This sounds trivial but I have to drive through several school zones on the way to work and occasionally find myself 2-3 miles an hour over the posted 25mph speed limit. Instead of having to watch for kids and also my speedometer...I just get a handy "ding" from the phone that lets me know that I need to slow down a little. Limitations... 1. Apps. If you are an app geek you will be disappointed in the selection of apps. On the plus side you can load up your apps and still get the same speed out of the phone vs. an Android phone. My daughter likes the way games look on the Lumia 928 better than on my old Android. I would say that is just the hardware upgrade. For a limited time if you buy a Lumia 928 you get $25 from Microsoft and Nokia to use towards apps in the Microsoft app store. ...overall...I am extremely happy with this phone. It is the first phone I have owned and really liked in about 4 years.Background: In the past three years, I have used iPhone 4, 4S and 5. I also used Droid X and Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me tell you from the start that I am not a loyal customer of any brand. I will give my business to any company as long as they give me the best value possible. Hopefully, this background information will be useful to you since if we are coming from different backgrounds, this review maybe useless to you. First of all, I am not a heavy user. When I had Android phones, I didn't install custom roms or anything like that due to security concerns. I also didn't jailbreak my iPhones for the same reason. I don't install tons of apps or play many games on my phones. Just to give you an idea, I probably had less than 100 apps in my iPhone and much less than that on S3 since the apps that I would want to download on Android platform would require me to accept their unreasonable terms where apps would want to access my contacts, full network access, phone storage, messages and such for no apparent reason. I log into banks and etc on my phones, there is no way I am giving those kind of permissions to apps! As a result, I am not a fan of Android. Also, I had a lot of issues with both of my Android phones. Even the Samsung Galaxy S3 had lagging, freezing and rebooting issues after only 2 weeks of usage. Plus, the build quality of the S3 left a lot to be desired. So, I sold it after owning it for less than a month and purchased an iPhone 4S. My experience with IOS was much better. I initially didn't have any lagging, freezing or rebooting issues at all. What they advertised was true, it just worked. It was somewhat boring and had a small screen compared to competitors but it was safer and it worked great. However, after the iPhone 5 launch my 4S started having performance issues following the OS updates. I am pretty sure that Apple did this on purpose to make their customers upgrade to the newest iPhone. They succeeded as well. I upgraded to iPhone 5 only to regret it later. It is light, fast and has 4g lte but other than that I felt it was the same phone as the 4S. Sorry for taking so long to talk about the product that I am actually writing a review for but whenever I read reviews, I enjoy the ones that make comparisons. I find those reviews the most helpful, so I tried to do the same thing in my review. Now that's out of the way, let's talk about the Nokia Lumia 928. I will break this review down to pros and cons to make reading easier. Here are the pros: - Camera: It takes great pictures. Especially, the low light pictures are very good. IMO, Lumia 92x series have the best camera in the market except for the Lumia 1020 and Nokia 808. - Skydrive: It's similar to iCloud. You can upload your documents, pictures etc to skydrive. This phone will automatically backup your applist, settings, text messages and photos to skydrive. However, you can go to Settings -> Backup and turn backup off if you want to. I turned the automatic back up for the pictures off because when I take a picture that I don't like, I have to delete it from the camera roll as well as the skydrive. I thought I would rather upload the ones that I really like than delete the ones that I don't like from both locations every single time. - Battery Life: This phone has great battery life. However, you have to do a few adjustments to get the full potential. Do yourself a favor and search online for Windows Phone 8 battery tips and you'll see a list of adjustments you can make to improve your battery life. I just got this phone a week ago but I've already gotten 2 days out of it with moderate usage after I've made the adjustments. If you need any help, just add a comment and I'll try to help you out if I can. - Ability to uninstall bloat ware without hacking the device!. Not that it comes with many bloat ware but for example I uninstalled the Verizon navigation without any issues. Its very simple, tap and hold the app and click uninstall. Easy! - Performance: Exceptional. Very fluid, lag free. - Build Quality: Very good. Go to a Verizon store and check this phone out, you'll see what I am talking about. My only problem is the soft keys (Windows, back and search buttons have a yellowish color when lit which is not normal) When I searched online, it seems that a lot of people have the same issue. Honestly, it doesn't bother me. But if it's something that would bother you, just make sure the phone that you purchase doesn't have that issue in the store before you take it home. - Wireless charging: I think it's a nice feature. I welcome any type of real innovation. I believe these type of innovations are not only important for what they actually do currently but also they push competitors to come up with other innovations as well to stay competitive. In my opinion, this creates a better value for customers. - Screen: Looks great. Very nice colors. You can view the screen in direct sun light with no problems. It won't be the same as viewing it at night but it is much better than iPhones and Android devices that I've used/seen. - Speakers: Pretty good. Not on par with HTC One's speakers but definitely better than most. - Nokia exclusive apps: Nokia maps is great. It will give you voice guided navigation with street names. I tested it out once and it worked out great. The biggest plus for Nokia maps is the fact that you don't need data connection. Just download your regions map and you are set. Additionally, maybe due to the phone not having to use data to get map information, it ran much cooler than my previous iPhones and Android devices while using the navigation app which is a big plus. - Value: You are getting a great device, a fluid and stable OS, 32gbs of standard storage and a great camera for only $30 with a 2 year contract at Amazon or $450 without signing a contract. This is a great value. I seriously don't know if there are any better deals out there. I am very happy with my decision to buy this phone. I think you'll feel the same way too. Now time for the Cons: - As I mentioned before, even though this phone has great build quality, the yellowish buttons puts a dent on its greatness. - No sd card slot. I appreciate that this phone comes with standard 32gb of storage space. I also appreciate that we get skydrive for no additional cost but I would have still liked if we had the micro sd card lost so I could pop in a 64gb micro sd card and have 96gb of storage. - Notification bar. It's not a big deal and I understand that live tiles are the notification bar of Windows Phone 8 but I think it wouldn't have hurt having both. There are rumors that the upcoming update will give us a notification bar but nothing for sure yet. Not having it doesn't bother me much but I would welcome it if they added it. - Closing apps: I haven't seen anyone mention this and maybe it's something that I am doing wrong but when you have open apps in WP8, you have to close them by pressing the back button. However, if you for example open the internet explorer to browse the internet and you visit a few different links, you will have to press the back button multiple times to be able to close the app. I find that annoying. Also, to close the apps that are running in the background, you have to press and hold the back button which lets you view all the open apps in the background. However there is no "x" button on the right upper corners (just like iPhones do) to be able to close the apps easily. I have to open each app and press the back button to actually close that app. I think it's a big flaw and they need to address this in their next update. Again, I only had this phone for a week so maybe there is a very intuitive way of closing apps that I am not aware of but AFAIK, that is what you need to do to close apps. - Apps: As I mentioned earlier, I am not a heavy app user so I really don't miss any apps from the IOS. However, I understand that not everyone is like me and some people may have certain apps that they use and are not willing to give them up to move to WP8. So, make a list of your most used apps and see if WP8 has them or not. Conclusion: I really like this device. The more I use it, the more I like it and the less I miss the IOS. I would highly recommend that you give this phone a try. If you have any questions, feel free to leave comments and I will try my best to answer your questions.The 928 didn't live up to all the rave reviews here and on Verizon's site, in my experience. I sent back my glossy little white 928. Well, not little, it's big, and heavy. Too much. With a case this thing flopped around like a mini brick in my pocket, and the sharp corners made taking it out of my front pockets about as easy as taking well-used bubble gum out of your pocket. Didn't like the three buttons on one side, at all, and I pressed that @#$% camera button accidentally more times than I can say. Had lots of candid shots of my toes and the living room and blurry who knows what, but luckily they automatically downloaded to sky drive so I had to go delete them there also. Actually, I know it is handy to have them automatically backed up like that, but only if you don't mind everything getting backed up. I love the idea of a designated camera button, but it really should be some small, round button near a top corner or something. Or, maybe it's just how I hold a phone, but the three button setup on one side didn't work for me. Also, keyboard (and it's all you get) doesn't have a way to enter numbers on the main board..you have to go into a second screen for numbers, then back to the other screen for letters. This became really frustrating as so many emails, passwords, not to mention texts and emails have plenty of numbers and letters thrown in there. Keyboard autocorrects decently well, but is still lacking in several ways. It was much like the OS in general..very fluid and uncluttered, but over-simple not always in a good way. The good: low light camera..they tout this for a reason, but, for me anyway, doesn't make a phone in and of itself. Live Tiles are different..I think many will like the kind of mosaic, visual page they create (I did), while others will miss their static droid and iphone screens and think the windows phone looks chaotic. Live tiles often don't update quickly enough to be very useful (say, battery percentage, for one), but overall kind of different and fun. OS does work fluidly with most apps, which is nice. Email like gmail and yahoo worked well with the built in email app, loved it. However, it's sort of a take it or leave it OS and app store, very much like iOS, though of course Apple has a vast app store. If you like Windows Phone ok, then great, because that's it. No notifications, which Windows Phone will probably fix as it's just become too much a part of people's other smartphone experiences: ESPN news or scores for your favorite team, say..no go on the windows phone. Or just having all your notifications at a glance on one page. Again, some won't mind, but for others very frustrating. I'm not a social media fiend or even hard core phone user, and I still missed my notifications (and a notification light on the front, which 928 does not have) As much as I wanted to try something different, it was hard not to keep getting the sneaking feeling my phone was behind the time, by at least a year if not more. Obviously some don't mind and want something different enough that they're willing to wait it out as Windows throws money at developers to at least get the 'normal' stuff out in Windows apps. Not to say 928 doesn't work quickly..no problem with speed and whatnot..then again I fully expect that of any new phone I get. Battery life..so so. And the phone ran hot way too often for my comfort. On the plus side, wireless charging is available for this phone and is an awesome feature. IMHO, that should be universal for all smartphones today, but alas no. Also, despite battery life being mediocre (and no ability to swap batteries like you can with the galaxies, for example) I will say it charged quickly. It was nice to be at about 20% and get most of it charged back up in about an hour. That's great. I just found myself not enjoying my 'phone experience' as days went on..the shape and heft, the button placement, the concessions you need to make (just being able to change your tiles from red to mauve does not mean customization in my book). I also had what I assume were SIM problems, but I don't know how much to blame on the phone. A couple times texts would not go through, then suddenly would later in the day. On first activation it took a long time and several attempts to reseat the SIM to get it working. Later, a couple times my phone went dead and would not turn on, then magically after minutes or hours would just turn on by itself. Not confidence-inspiring, and unfortunately you just don't have the luxury of seeing whether things work themselves out as time goes on. Worthy of note here: if you need to return your contract upgrade phone via amazon, do it as quick as you can. I returned it within the 14 day Verizon mandate, but of course after shipping time, processing time, etc., it was past the 14 day, and Verizon makes you jump through some hoops. I called both customer services..Verizon will treat you like a bit of second class citizen if you don't buy through their store, so be ready. Amazon cell phone cust service was great however, and I had to call them a couple times before finally getting my upgrade date reset by Verizon. You will have a few more do-it-yourself moments if you purchase through another vendor like Amazon, BB, etc., but price usually makes it worth it (for me anyway)..just be ready to have a bit of hassle here or there perhaps. Again, AMazon service (the specific cell phone folk) were friendly and helped a good deal and even will help you activate your old phone if you wish now that you've had to send your new one back..the worst of it was some waiting and some being put on long hold, which is sort of part of the deal. Anyway, wish I could have loved the 928 as much as I wanted to, but didn't feel comfortable thinking of 2 yrs with the phone. For the price, super..I think that is what has them getting a ton sold, which is smart on their part. Overall that can only help both Nokia and Windows Phone, but, again, we're looking down the road a bit to see the benefit.I bought a new one in an auction on EBay. The bottom line: This is THE absolute best phone I have ever had. I switched from Android to Windows and wow I am SOOOOO much happier now. The windows phone makes sense to me because I can close apps very easily which returns memory back to the OS to use for whatever. It basically frees up memory. Android just seems to eat up memory because most apps won't close. So the more you open the slower the android os runs. Not so here. Everything flows very smoothly and intuitively. No hesitation; no waiting; just bang instant results. Windows Phone has really won me over because office 365 is included with the phone. I can sync it with my corporate Exchange mail system and open attachments with MS Office or Adobe Acrobate Reader just like I do on my desktop computer. If you have been using Windows for years I think you will feel right at home with this phone. Nokia has put EXTREME quality and care into this phone. It is very thin and light, yet it sports a 4.5 inch screen with a very high contrast ratio. Perhaps the best part is the picture taking ability. Windows Store shows a special section called Nokia Apps that are only available to Nokia phones. They let you do panoramas easily, and selfies really easily. They enhance focus and zoom and really allow you to take advantage of the extremely fine photographic abilities. The selfie app waits until you are in position and then automatically takes your picture from the lens on the back side of the phone. More and more apps are moving from Android to Windows phone. They run better on Windows. In the past, there has been a shortage of apps on Windows Phone but that has DRASTICALLY changed. In the last year, there has been an explosion of new apps on Windows Phone, partly owing to Windows 8 tablets. At the present moment I have been able to find a huge amount of applications for everything. I cannot always get the same app, like I can get Sports Tracker but I cannot get Radar Now. However, I found MyRadar which does the same thing as Radar Now on the Android. I love this phone. It is the bomb! It took me a few days to learn my way around but after a week with this phone I am extremely pleased. It is the best experience I have EVER had with a smart phone. I STRONGLY recommend this phone and Windows Phone 8. I will happily answer any questions; so ask away!To start off my review, This was a great upgrade from my Pantec Hotshot. 32 gb of storage and a windows OS, I'm loving it. I see this phone as more of a hybrid for business people and kids/family via the apps. I have a ncie case for it and so far, the call quality is very good. I have been having SMS issues, very minor because all I had to do was move to another location and it will send. Another user was mentioning the awkward corners, well with the case I have, it eliminates that. The only reason why I took off 1 star, was because of the Battery. Under excessive data usage or gaming when your not home to use your computer, this will drain the battery very quick. Under light usage, with data or wifi/location on, its fairly normal drainage for me. You would know (In my opinion), that the battery is draining rapidly as the phone heats up. Many people complained about the OS, well I have had experience with windows 8 (The OS in this phone), so going through it was a breeze. To conclude, this is a great phone to own, it reminds me of a mini computer at the palm of your hand.I have an iPhone 5 for personal use but got a 928 for work after a bad experience with a Samsung phablet. I have to be honest: my expectations were low. Based on reviews I'd seen, I'd expected a clunky interface that I'd only use for email (the integrated native office was a huge selling point for me). I could not have been more wrong. Let's go over the plusses: 1) The screen is gorgeous 2) The camera blows away iPhone 5 or 5S 3) The OS is usable immediately and, after a week or two of practice, as intuitive and elegant as iOS 4) The native Office is a HUGE plus for work 5) Phone quality is good; if any people still buy phones for their phone function 6) The Apps are surprisingly good albeit limited in number. Some apps (airline apps for example) work and look better on Windows than they do on iOS. But there just aren't that many of them. And that's the only negative I can see here, and the only thing that would keep me from going to a Windows phone for my personal device. That, and that all my music is in iTunes. But I'd wholly recommend this phone for anyone looking for a superior professional smartphone, or anyone who is deeply embedded in the Windows OS.My husband needed his own computer device, but he isn't a computer guy. What to do? I have a Kindle Fire, very useful for media consumption, but he wanted something that felt more like a computer, so we chose a Windows Surface RT because it would integrate well with the computer system we already use for work and entertainment. Good choice. Then his iPhone died. Moving on from Apple and continuing on our Windows path, we chose a Nokia Lumia 900 series phone available from his cellular network. I fell completely in love with his phone, so even though my Motorola Droid wasn't dead, I headed into my cell provider's shop and traded up. Way up. (Not an Amazon-verified purchase because I got the phone directly from my cell provider.) It's the camera, is the thing. It takes great shots in low light (if the subject isn't moving) without a flash. I love the "live" tiles. I love the customization of those tiles. I love the clarity of sound ("Can you hear me now?" "WOW, yes I can!"). I love the integration with my Windows 8.1 laptop. I love the Nokia-provided apps. I love using 6tag to get to Instagram (which is now available) because it offers more filters and frames than Instagram itself. I just love this phone. If you're thinking of switching from an iPhone or Android system, know this: some sales people will tell you that you'll have to manually re-enter all your contacts. Not true. Nokia has an app called "Transfer My Data". If you don't already have one, create a Microsoft-based eMail (an @outlook.com, @Hotmail.com, @live.com, etc) account. You don't ever have to use it if you don't want, but you'll need it to manage the phone. Download the Nokia Transfer My Data app into your new Nokia. Turn on the Bluetooth in both your new Nokia and old phone. Within a minute all your contacts, photos and video will transfer to the new phone. Now customize the screen to your heart's content. Enjoy!Disclaimer: this is my first smartphone. I have a Google Nexus 7, and Apple laptop and desktop. So why would I get the Lumia 928? 1) It's the best reviewed phone on Verizon. 2) I like what I have seen of Windows 8 touchscreens. 3) I am impressed with Nokia's direction. 4) I wanted a high quality camera. 5) It's free. PHONE - It's difficult to separate the phone from the operating system, but I will try. First, call quality is outstanding. I had my clearest conversation ever on this phone. The speaker phone works great. The pictures are superb with nice editing options from Nokia. Personally I like the size/shape. It feels great in the hand, and can stand upright. Te screen is just large enough for e-reading, and comfortable enough for the pocket. In fact, I am very impressed with the screen. It really jumps out. HOME SCREEN - Beautifully done. The Windows tiling system is the best option out there. I enjoyed customizing my Nexus, but just picking and choosing where you put apps is not the same. Sizing the apps (only 3 options), placing them, and coloring them is fun and makes for a more enjoyable experience. On the downside, the tiles are unequal in live updates. Some provide them, some do not. Some update better than others. Still, what I see in front of me looks great, and gives me critical information. GOOGLE/APPLE USERS - I was initially concerned. There is a Windows Phone App for Mac. I downloaded it as the Getting Started pamphlet suggested. I uploaded iphotos and isongs to the phone, no problem. Gmail is my primary email. The phone tells me when I have new messages on the lockscreen, and my homescreen email tile. The interface when opening gmail is black and white, and it doesn't separate the promotions, updates, etc. into tabs. Basically it does what I need, minus the ads. Also, it logs threads. The simplicity is actually refreshing. Google Calender is my calendar. Although not as slick as on Android, it gets the job done. I don't see how to view the calendar weekly, but all of my upcoming appointments are listed under "agenda" for as far down as I can scroll. Daily appointments are visible on a homescreen calendar tile. APPS - There are lots of free apps for ereading (kindle looks great), audiobooks, photos, flashlights, social media, news, music, games, etc. The Windows App market is growing rapidly. I have found their selection to be more than adequate in almost all cases. For particular niches, in my case chess (semi-serious player), the app market can be too weak. A great thing about the lower selection is that it's easier to find cool apps that get buried elsewhere. For instance, I found a white noise sleeping app that I would have never looked up. There are far more apps than expected, and Nokia's own apps are an added bonus. WINDOWS 8/LUMIA 928 - It's absurd that some have said Windows 8 is not ready for prime-time. It's far from perfect, but it's fun, slick and improving fast. I have composed audio emails and texts flawlessly. I was able to download super cool free ringtones from the App store. Pandora has no ads! The settings could have more options, but they do the essentials. Having a basic free Office program is nice. Explorer reads differently depending on the page, but it's usually very clear. The back button works better than Android. The keyboard is solid. All apps are one swipe away. Did I mention my homescreen looks great? No crashes or stalls. OVERALL - I am very happy with this phone. I was hesitant to finally make the $30 a month jump to the smartphone world. Now I can't believe I waited so long. My camera, ipod, tablet and GPS have been subsumed into one device that is ridiculously underpriced. Why get bogged down by particular platforms? These days it's super-easy to jump from Apple to Android to Windows and back again. Windows 8 is a solid 4 stars on the mobile platform, and the Nokia Lumia 928 is a definite 5. There is a reason why the Verizon attendant said no one is returning with problems with this phone, whereas they regularly do for Android. Nokia has been in the phone-making business for a long time and it really shows. Windows 8 is contemporary, and will only get better. They make a standout combination. Why get what everyone else has? You will stand out with this phone. UDPATE: Love Nokia Music, the free version that comes with the phone. Audio commands work quite well. Photo editing has been fun. Tiles that update themselves are a huge perk. The Windows App store is growing by leaps and bounds.This is my first smartphone in about 3 years. I was nervous at first, because I've always had Android and have never had a Windows phone. When I got it activated, I started playing with it and found out that it's very easy to use. I was able to figure out the apps, settings and all the other features in about 30 or so minutes. The touchscreen works great! I was able to easily slide screens and easily touch where I wanted to go. The camera is amazing! It takes wonderful pictures! I can capture a shot, use the flash and there's even a neat feature where you can take multiple shots and choose which one to save. The pictures are crisp and clear. You don't have to be a photographer to take great pictures with this phone. The video feature is also very nice. It's fast to get to and you're recording within a few taps! The battery lasts me for almost a whole day. A day for me is 7 or 8am to around 9 pm or a little later. Of course, depending on your usage, you might have to charge it a little more than I do. Now my cons, but there's not many. The biggie for me was the apps. You can't get many of the popular apps like you can with other systems. I was disappointed when I went to download a few that I hear about from friends and I can't get them. Another thing for me was no space for a memory card. I would have loved to have a spot for a card so I could have my older pictures from my other phone. Plus, it's nice to have pictures on a memory card to easily get pictures printed out by a kiosk. Overall, I really like this phone! The size is very nice and easy to read! I would recommend it!Voice & Data Pros: The voice is loud and clear and data service gives a consistent 4G-LTE speed when available. Data Sense app is also included so you can manage your data limit so you can better judge your usage by app via both cellular and WiFi. Cons: I cannot say anything bad here either. Battery Pros: This Lithium Polymer (2000mAH) battery boasts 1282.8 minutes of usage time, which I have only seen better from the Droid Razr Maxx HD with its 1920 minutes of usage time. However, the 424.8 hours of standby time in the Lumia 928 beats the Droid Razr Maxx HD's 372 hours of standby time. Personally, most of my time is spent quickly looking at the phone and putting it back in my pocket. I do use my phone often, however, it spends more time in my pocket than in my hand. Cons: The battery is not removable. Storage Pros: This relatively inexpensive Smartphone comes with 32GB of internal storage (about 8GB is used up with the OS formatting). This is a very good value especially when compared with other comparable phones. Cons: Again I will mention the no external storage, this really does bother me. Operating System Pros: Windows Phone 8 is a fairly new, intuitive, business ready OS that is ready to make its mark. The new redesign of Windows 8 (which will soon get back a start menu in version 8.1) is made with this same type of system in mind. The system comes with a phone version of MS Office which is ready to link to an Office 365 account or run on its own. Cons: Less apps available than in App WorldThe camera is amazing. The interface is so simple. Going from Android to this was so nice. I love this phone. It is not bloated with all the BS the new Android phones are loaded with. It is simple, easy to use, has an amazing camera, has an amazing picture and can be customized in ways other phones cannot. There are some limitations with applications and customizations but this phone came with everything I needed including Office, an awesome photo editor, the best text program, the best voice program (works amazingly well), video player, etc. The live tiles work so well on this phone that you will wonder why no one did this a very long time ago.First, I have an IPhone 5 for business and a Samsung Galaxy S4 for personal use and was very intreged at the pricing & Posititive reviews of the Nokia Lumia 928 Windows Phone. I have to say that Microsoft/Nokia has made an exceptional Camera/Phone....THE BEST on the Market!! Blows IPhone and any Google Phone away!!! Pluses: 1) Google and Apple need to take notes from the quality of Nokia/Microsoft Camera Phone. 2) Easy to use. 3) Live Tiles. 4) Quality built product...nice screen resolution, size, build. However, with this being said,there is a downside... Negatives: 1) App store is not quite there...has a lot of apps...probabaly 65% vs. Apple & Google but missing some key ones. 2) Needs Movie store! 3) Needs to incorporate XBOX into the phone more!! Second screen viewing....Play games..etc. Overall, if you are a person who is not invested in Apple or Google and wants to have a good Camera/phone/easy to use phone, this is for you. Plus the price is compelling even if it is missing some apps.I'm writing this to first say this phone is the best yet and to dispel a couple of wrong comments I have read in other reviews. A little background... My last experience with a windows phone was an HTC running Win 5.XX. Not so good but I really liked the idea of easy sync with my computer. Since then I have had about 6 phones...blackberry, I-Phone, and android with my most recent the Droid RAZR MAXX HD. The Blackberry's were great but started falling behind. The Androids are fun but a little buggy, and the I-Phone and I just are not compatible. Then along came the Nokia 928 to Verizon, I love it. It is not as playful and gadget filled as others but it just plain works effectively and trouble free. It is not as "Powerful" as some, but it does not need the same amount of processing power because the operating system is much more efficient than Android. This 928 is every bit as fast as the MAXX HD, I-Phone, S3 and S4 The battery specs also do not match some others, but I am just going to say the battery life is just as good as what I experienced on my Droid RAZR Maxx HD, my son's S4 and the I-Phone. The sound quality on calls is every bit as good and the external speaker for music and speaker phone is definitely better. I read in one review that the NFC does not work with Android devices. This is simply not true. Maybe it does not work with all, but I know for a fact it works with my wife's S3 and my Son's S4. We have traded pictures, videos and other data with NFC. I read in another review that the pictures are not very good or have a red tint. This has not been my experience. The quality is definitely not as good as our fancy DSLR but it is as good as our small point and shoot digital. Video is also very good for a phone. The call quality and reception seems to be the best of all the phones I have owned. Even with a large multi-layer protective cover and skinomi skin. And now the "lack of Apps." I am not one who likes to use my phone as a level or as entertainment for my 5 year old. I use my phone for communication, keeping my schedule, music, and tracking my rides and hikes. Guess I also use it for maps and travel...I do use it for a lot of things and I have found all the apps I need...for free. And I must admit my five year old has been playing games. So In summary, this phone is better than any android, blackberry, and i-phone I have ever used. In the month and half I have had this phone there has been no freezes and the touch screen is great. Its not ass powerful or feature rich as some, but t does not need to be...it is more efficient..and better in my opinion. I recommend this to anyone and everyone...Love the phone. Have had iPhone, BB, Droid and by far this is the best phone that I have had. The OS is great, so linear and intelligent. Windows integration is great (e.g MS Office, Office 365 / Exchange, SharePoint, Skydrive and SkydrivePro) . The 928 has a beautiful screen, great voice/call quality, an outstanding music player, Xbox integration which is for more then just games; wireless charging, NFC, great Bluetooth (never an issue), best camera on any phone except for two other Lumia's. No better network than Verizon. As far as Apps go, I have not had any issues at least for me. I am always curious to hear what apps are deal killers like one of the reviews here but they never list what apps are missing that are deal killers. Never experienced the freezing or other issues I have read here; but as with ANYTHING that is manufactured there is always a defect rate of some kind. I find the Nokia build quality to be excellent. As for the reviewer that panned HereDrive not sure what that is about, but that said I do prefer VZ Navigator. For me this is by far the best smart phone that I have used.I was very nervous going to a Windows phone. I was worried the most about losing Google Navigation. I was pleasantly surprised with HERE maps, they are excellent and have "off line" capabilities. Nokia "Mix Radio" is a free service that is outstanding too (think Pandora without the ads).Camera is best I've had. The entire experience has far surpassed my expectations. I'll not be going back to a Droid or iPhone. Pros: durable, speaker, Camera/Video Quality, wi-fi capable, games, Menus, good for texting, battery life, Tools, ease of use Cons: heavy UPDATE: My 928 is almost two years old now. It has been the very best phone and OS I have ever had. It has never froze or locked up, never had to be reset and still works and looks great. I have noticed my battery not lasting as long but I'll be getting a new flagship in a couple of months. Happy cunsumer!When windows 8 tablet came out, I immediately jumped to them. The metro interface carried from Windows Phone 8 is a fantastic touch interface, but having a regular desktop, micro sd slots,full usb ports made them the most versatile platform by far. Windows Phone 8 on the other had is a more limited, simplistic, and straightforward OS. Coming from Several Android, Iphone, Blackberry and even Windows Phone 5/6 devices I was pretty excited to see how things would work. Design: Honestly as first I thought it was a bit chunky, It has a lot of bezel, and is pretty thick. However after using it I really realized this actually helped usability a lot. It feels better in the hand and it's easier to operate than some of the phones trying to be as thin and bezel free as they can. Every time I hold it I just think that this is the best feeling phone I've ever had, I'm just really in love with the design now. Honestly I think they could have gone better with making it a 16gb with a micro sd slot, but windows phone isn't so great with SD cards I don't think (read software for more info) so i think it had something to do with that. One other thing I really miss is a notification LED on the front notifying me of missed texts/calls etc. Performance: Even though it's last gen hardware now, 1.5 ghz S4, 1gb ram, 720p screen it doesn't hold it back at all. The screen looks gorgeous (I can't tell the difference between a 720 and 1080p smartphone screen honestly) and it performs like a champ. It would have been nice to have 2gb of ram when going through the multitasking sometimes it had to resume the item which takes quite a bit. Software: Here's the big difference, The software, in a word is refreshing. The animations I thought would get annoying but keep the flow of movement really well, and when it gets done 9 times out of 10 the app is ready and loaded right away. Live tiles are really great, I had a couple of issues with some not updating right, but either way they make the main screen extremely lively. The "app drawer" I guess is what you would call it when you swipe to the right, It is functional but with only a single line of apps it makes kind of cumbersome sometimes. Windows phone 8 also doesn't allow access to the file system like android does. For instance I had a comic book reading application to read some .CBR files I had. I couldn't connect my phone to the computer and put the files on the phone to use though, I had to upload them to skydrive, then link my account with the app and download them. While I'm glad that atleast you can do this, it makes a 2 step process to like 5+ steps. The only thing I really found I could drop on and use from the internal memory was media files. One odd thing about the software is the search button, on windows 8 the search button will search throughout whichever app your in which is great. However the search button on windows phone is only a hotkey for Bing. It's kind of counter-intuitive, and should honestly just be a Bing button. Apps: This is a grey area, of course Nokia can only do so much on this front, it's up to the developers to make these apps, and Microsoft to attract them. Most every app from my previous android phone I was able to find. The community has been really great at making great alternatives to the missing apps like Flipboard, instagram, youtube and most everything else, finding the needed apps wasn't really a problem. A big HOWEVER though is that I found some apps missing functionality, they were like the red headed stepchild app of their android/iphone counterpart. For instance in both the official ebay app and an alternative one I was unable to add tracking information on my sales or manage my messages really. This is just one of a few I found that were just not up to par with the functionality i expected. Most of the time it isn't a deal breaker but it's something to think about. Things I miss are firstly a notification center. I pretty much manage everything with the live tiles but it would be great to have a spot to just check everything together though. Widgets I don't miss much, the tiles replace it almost mostly for me though one thing I would like would be interactive tiles where I can do things without actually going into the app. Camera: Lumias are known for their cameras and the pureview on this was no exception. It has a really bright f/2.0 lens, and whatever else the pureview technology does to help. The camera button works perfect, it will turn it to the camera from being off and it is a 2 step button meaning you can half press it to focus. Pics I took in low light looked like they were taken with like sunlight shining in, they turned out amazing. I tested it against my other canon point and shoot and the lumia blew the canon out of the water as far as low light performance. There are a ton of cool lenses that you can download to do different functions as well. The only thing that is missing however is the ability to take pictures while recording video which i really miss. Battery / Call quality: I'm not sure why people combine these 2 but they do, so why not try it. Call quality had no issues, I've heard complaints on other reviews but I experienced no signal difference or call quality from previous phones. Battery life was more than acceptable. After an 8 hour work day of between light and medium use I would have over 75% left usually. I had no issues lasting a day. From 6am waking up till 10pm going to bed I would almost never be below 50%. Also the wireless charger works without a hitch, thought the phone got decently warm during it which was odd. Conclusion: Well Microsoft has something really amazing on it's hands, Windows phone is just a joyful, unique experience. It makes heads turn, you can't go into work without having someone ask you about it. However can it replace your current smartphone is the question. I manage my life on my smartphone, and it needs to be able to keep up with me. My experience finds that Windows Phone will most definitely be able to keep pace. I do think that unlike an android device though I wouldn't be able to manage everything on my phone. If I were away from home or something I would probably need to access a computer at some point to manage thing. It just doesn't have that versatility yet. However Coming from the Iphone users will get an experience that is just as or more fluid, crisp and easy to use. Just don't expect the "theres an app for that" line to always work.The Lumia 928 is very similar to the Lumia 920 and is exclusive to Verizon. Verizon customers can therefore rejoice that they can get their hands on one of the few high end phones on the market that isn't a "me too" phone. Like the 920, the 928 has a 4.5 inch screen (a sharp and vivid 1280x768), a zippy dual-core 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor, and a gig of RAM. I've put this phone through the hell known as my backpack and the 928 has triumphed - still no scratches on the wall-to-wall gorilla glass screen or on the matte polycarbonate body. Since one of the reasons I love this phone is the form factor, I'm very happy it hasn't been degraded no matter how often it gets jostled. I had a Lumia 900 for a long time before upgrading to the 928, and I'm impressed that in under 2 years, Nokia managed to put out a phone that I fell in love with. This didn't happen the last time I upgraded my iPhone, that was more of a `ho-hum' situation. This phone sits in the hand better and is easier to hold and use. It's a little lighter and slimmer than the 920 but continues in the `bigger is better' recent smartphone trend. The really nice upgrade is the Carl Zeiss camera with image stabilization. The xenon flash gives better low light performance and the 8.7 MP PureView camera takes superbly sharp and vibrant photos. PROS -Impressive photos, including better technology for low light / indoors -Wireless charging -Verizon's impressive coverage -4G -High-performance mic and speaker -Free turn-by-turn navigation, very easy to use Maps, virtual reality, and location-based apps -Still challenges you to be good at maximizing your battery time but less challenging than previous versions -Windows 8 OS, which is intuitive and easy to use, an impressive performer and highly customizable, and a hell of a lot better looking than the iPhone (OS upgrade is expected later this year) -Renders websites beautifully CONS -Although I have found all of the apps I use regularly, a more app-driven person might not find everything they'd like on the Marketplace This phone is gorgeous. Just get ready to be asked a million questions about it when you take it out around a bunch of other people - and then you can tell them just how smokin' a deal the subsidized cost is. Update: I just had a friend visit and she dropped her phone and broke the screen. Being the nice person I am, I let her use my 928 for a couple of days (I roughed it with my old Lumia 920). She's on AT&T, but there is an app that allowed her to use her AT&T sim card on this phone. Not sure if this only works for unlocked phones. Absolutely awesome!Upon first laying eyes on the Nokia Lumia 928, you will notice the incredible build quality. It feels extremely natural in your hands, and it is a great weight and size, although compared to other smartphones it is a tad large. However, the size of this smartphone allows for a flawless 1080p HD display. The display on this phone is excellent, and it can even be viewed well from angles or in sunlight. The most prominent feature of this phone is the camera. The Nokia Lumia 928 takes unbelievably clear pictures, videos, and panorama; they look better on the phone than they do in person! It has stabilizing picture technology, and even if you don't have a steady hand the pictures and videos will turn out great. The camera also works exceptionally well in the darkness, better than those of other smartphones. The microphones (there are multiple) all work together to provide a flawless experience, people on the other line report my voice sounding just like it does in person, and voice recognition has yet to fail for me. The Nokia Lumia 928 has ample storage space for all of your needs and it is easy to transfer files between your phone and computer. The speaker on this phone can easily fill a room, and I prefer that in the interface it measures volume on a scale of 1-30, so you are allowed far more customization. That brings us to the next point, the vast customization you are given on the Nokia Lumia 928. Thanks to Windows 8 on this smartphone, the home page is exactly how you want it. You can adjust how big and small tiles are, where they are, what color you want them, if you want them at all, and you can add as many tiles as you want. You can also pick whatever theme of colors you want on your phone, and you can change it depending on your mood. No other operating system can offer such a unique experience that fits around how you use your phone. It is extremely smooth, quick, and easy to use. Internet Explorer, the default internet browser on this phone, works just as well as its competitors on other smartphones. However, with the Windows 8 operating system comes the biggest flaw of this phone, the smaller library of applications in the store. Not all of your favorite applications from IOS and Android will be available in the Windows Store, although many of them or their counterparts are. Don't let this turn you away from this phone, all app core functionality of other smartphones is matched if not surpassed by the Nokia Lumia 928. All of the big name applications are supported anyway, (Skype, Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and you will find that you could easily live without some of your past apps on other devices. If you happen to own an Xbox this phone works quite nicely in conjunction with it using Xbox SmartGlass. It is a cool feature, but it doesn't bring too much to the table. There's also a wide variety of games to pick from either on the Xbox Marketplace or on the Windows Store. This Windows Phone also offers Microsoft Office right out of the box which is nifty for editing documents. You won't find yourself bored or having a lack of options, for there are plenty of things to do. The Nokia Lumia 928 takes no time to get used to. The battery life will certainly hold; it will make it through a day's usage. Everything about this phone, whether that be its fast processor and operating system, unprecedented camera, or breathtaking display works together to give you the optimal experience. It is an all around supple phone, and it will serve you well for a couple of years.I've been using the phone for 3 weeks now. Very pleased with the performance, build quality, and the screen is excellent. The Windows Phone 8 OS is a huge improvement over WP7. The interface is still elegant. I know of a few people that switched from a Windows Phone to an Android, they now regret it. No one phone will be right for everyone, but there is no doubt that the Lumia 928 is one of the best phones regardless of OS now available on Verizon. I love the tight integration with Windows 8 desktop and I highly recommend using it with Office 365 for seamlessly syncing all your contacts, tasks, calendar, and email. (Your free Live Account will do a lot of that for you too, and you get 7GB Skydrive for free). If you had (or are leaving) a Blackberry, then that's the way to go. The phone should have some life to it because the hardware will handle the next major software upgrade from Microsoft. One problem I have with the Lumia 928 is something Verizon did, not Nokia: You can't add your PIN to the voicemail so it automatically goes to voicemail, pause a few seconds, provides the PIN, and you are ready to hear messages. Verizon must of killed the option so they could push their $3 a month Visual Voicemail. I hate those type of carrier practices, shame on Verizon. (One workaround is to add a person call Voice Mail to your contacts with a home number of *86,,PPPP# where PPPP is your PIN, then pin that contact to your home screen.) Again, that is a Verizon induced problem, not the Lumia's fault. The major criticism with the Windows Phone platform is the lack of Apps. Reviews are fond of pointing out that Apple and Android have a lot more Apps. But lets be real, of the hundreds of thousands of Apps, the majority are at best redundant but usually out right junk that no has downloaded and if they did they deleted them immediately after using them once. Also Microsoft does a much better job at scanning Apps for malware. So far I've been able to find the Apps I need on the Windows Phone. Those Apps tend to be well written, and consistent to the Microsoft App design guidelines. This consistency in design, menu place, overall organization make the phone a pleasure to use. Whereas Android does have many elegant Apps, the majority of Android Apps are a free for all of design, cluttered, inconsistent, and all too often darn right ugly to look at.Its been a long time coming and I must say, I am not disappointed. Weight of the phone is not really an issue but it would be perfect if it was a thinner phone. Other than that I am perfectly satisfied with the 928. Camera is fantastic and apps to aid pictures if that is your thing. Sound is great. App ecosystem is slowly getting better and 3rd party apps make up for need to have apps that are unavailable. Look of amolded screen is fantastic. What can I say, I think this is the best phone I have had to date.Coming from 3 iPhones, most recently from iPhone 5. This phone is absolutely gorgeous, functional and personal. I did an app parity check before I switched and realized I really only would miss maybe one or two apps, though they were not life critical. With growing WP8 share, I am hopeful that the app ecosystem will improve significantly. I made the investment to switch knowing certain gaps with the platform, but I WILL NOT LOOK BACK. This phone blows the iPhone 5 out of the water both in performance and quality. I did get the black one because I like the matte finish instead of the white gloss. Give this a try- the UI is different and it WILL take time to get used to. But the concepts are fresh and very intuitive once you get used to them. :)I have been using an Android smart phone for a couple years now. Specifically, it's an LG Optimus M. It was pretty impressive when I got it, but it's worn out its welcome. It's not really all that smart, and I'm sick to death of the storage issues. I knew I wanted a new phone and was thrilled when Vine offered me this one. Wow. This is really an outstanding phone. It is more like a tablet or laptop than any phone I've used. The technology is astonishing. I am particularly impressed with the high quality camera and videos. This is a phone that you can actually watch TV shows, Netflix, etc. on. I am familiar with Windows products, though I have not yet purchased Windows 8. Still, I was up and running quickly and found most of the functions to be intuitive. This is, however, a Windows product, so there were the inevitable glitches that happen with all Microsoft products. Ultimately, it's worth it. This is a fine phone and one that should keep me happy for a long time. Other than the occasional Windows issues, I wish an expensive item like this came with a screen protector and a minimal case to protect it. Also, there are nowhere near the number of apps that are available for the iPhone and Android phones. Hopefully, that will change, but my nagging worry is that Windows phones will never catch up to these other types of smart phones. But right now all is well, and I have the coolest phone of anyone I know.I got the Nokia Lumia 928 because I really wanted to try out the windows 8 phone. I switched from the apple iPhone to this. I've also owned several android phones. I am very impressed with the quality of the pictures and videos with this phone. The clarity of the screen is amazing! I also love the color and how sleek this phone looks as well. Every time I use this phone in front of people, I get asked a thousand questions. I even got an offer for someone to purchase it from me. There is no chance that I would ever let go of this phone right now. I love how fast it is and the clarity is amazing. The one thing that disappointed me with this phone is that there are some apps that I used on my iPhone and androids that weren't available for the windows 8 phone, most of them were the ones that I downloaded for my grandson. If I was out with him, and I had to wait in line for any long period of time, I would just give him the phone and let him play with some of the games, and it would keep him occupied so he wouldn't be running all over the place. Other then that, the camera on this phone is amazing, and it out shines both i phones and android phone as well.I loved it when I first got it, but the lack of apps is a deal breaker for me. Can't get MAJOR apps that every other phone is capable of getting, but Microsoft can't get off their butts and do something about it. Programs running in the background that are a pain in the butt to turn off. Texting stopped working and had to have it reset with Verizon. Emails stopped syncing so I had to take it back to factory settings and now a bunch of things don't work. I'm stuck with this phone because I'm on a two-year contract. Won't do a Windows anything ever again.I like the phone but the OS bites, you cannot even set distinct sounds/ringtones for different email accounts. Looking through windows forums I found post from back in 2008 about this very issue and 5 years later Microsoft has not even breached the subject. it is no wonder they have >3% of the Cell phone market. Not sure what possessed me to purchase this phone with this operating system. Like I said one day with the phone and it seems solid but it should have Android no windows. IMO anywayThis really should be your next Smartphone! I have lived with Android and the defragmentation of the software releases with different versions on different phones. I have experienced the high cost of the Apple products and have seen so many friends that encased their iphone with a big ugly case. I have also experienced the "great at first...than behind the times" Blackberry Smartphones. Now I am experiencing the Windows 8 Phone from Nokia and I can tell you I am not going back to any of the other options. The excellent hardware quality of this phone and the additional Nokia Apps make this a super easy to use and that integrates with my desktop. Other reasons to own this phone: - The offline GPS is fantastic as I never have to worry about having a data connection to get a route (I found out that the Nokia mapping data base powers the majority of the car systems in the world and I can see why) - Nokia music is not something I would buy, but similar to mapping where you can download to your phone and then use without a data connection, this is fantastic to have a HIGH QUALITY sound mix on your phone that doesn't require a data connection to listen to. - Yup.....the camera can't be beat, especially with the Zenon flash and the Nokia Apps for the camera. - Battery charging is another goody that you have love. First, it has a feature that charges the battery up to 40% faster. Although most other new smartphones have this feature now, you really do notice it. Second, you can find the Nokia wireless charging plates for $25 and once you use wireless charging you won't want to fiddle with the plug in cable again. (I bought 2 plates and it is worth it) There are many other items I could list, but most reviewers have already listed them when reviewing Windows Phone 8. This really is a great Smartphone!!!This is my first smart phone, and I am very pleased with 99% of the technical specs on the phone. The phone is incredibly user friendly, THE VIDEO AND PHOTO IMAGING ARE BY FAR SUPERIOR TO ANYTHING I HAVE SEEN IN NYC (BEING SURROUNDED BY PEOPLE WHO CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT A SMART PHONE)ON ANY ANDROID OR APPLE DEVICE. The Battery Life is also significantly better. I can't compare it to the specs on the Galaxy IV because that was a higher price range, but compared to the Galaxy IV & the Apple I5 this has 32 GB of storage! Based on what I have read it is 720 HD resolution for Netflix and YouTube. The Galaxy IV or Apple I5 are both 1080p. For me personally this is not significant for a five inch screen. It records in 1080 HD and can be connected to your TV via an HDMI cable. Although the music app is Nokia Music Tunes, you can upload the majority of your I-tune library via a Windows 7 or 8 PC. The only negative for me regarding this phone is the lack of Apps primarily regarding Video application such as HBO GO, Showtime Anytime, and Amazon Prime video watching. THE REASON FOR THIS IS THE PHONE DOES NOT SUPPORT ADOBE FLASH PLAYER, hopefully this will change in the near future. I WAS NOT MADE AWARE OF THIS PRIOR TO PURCHASING THE PHONE AND I AM ACTUALLY SURPRISED IT DOES NOT SUPPORT IT. IF WAS AWARE OF THIS ADVANCE IT WOULD HAVE PLAYED A MAJOR FACTOR IN MY PHONE CHOICE. SO FOR SPORT ADDICTS DURING PLAYOFF TIME THIS PHONE WILL NOT HELP YOU AT THE MOMENT. Another MAJOR PLUS if you actually use a smart phone in Business; is that it comes with all Microsoft Office applications, Excel, Word, Outlook, Notebook, and Power Point. If you decide to get this phone I highly recommend you attain the phone here or at Best Buy, a Verizon store or Verizon online will cost you double which is simply not necessary. When I saw how it was priced online, here and other sites, I was disgusted with Verizon. I was eligible for an upgrade, but the only difference in the end between myself as an existing Verizon customer, and a new Verizon customer (the service as a carrier is superior) was a mere 5 dollars. I hope the better business bureau looks into Verizon wireless, because the reality is for existing Verizon customers, it is a bate and switch scam, I was content with my "dumb" phone, and their email to me that I would get an upgrade at a discount was simply a means to get me into the store. I could have upgraded my device here and saved A LOT of money. that being said for 50 dollars you are getting an awesome phone that I would put up there with the I phone 5 (with much better battery life) and any high end Android Device. In summary Great Phone- if you are a TV addict you need a Droid or I phone at this juncture and this phone is not for you. As far as Verizon DO NOT buy it at verizonwireless.com or in at a Verizon retail store you will pay double. Otherwise you can see for yourself as the specs are clearly outlined by Amazon, and it does import most music files from I-tunes.I handle the cell phones for our company we have 100 with many different types of smartphones. I have used all of the Apples, some Blackberry's, several Android. I set them up and use them for a couple of weeks and then give them to the various employees, the Nokia 928 is the only phone I have liked enough to keep for myself. Ease of use, you look at one screen for all your info, yet trick out the way you want. It has the best camera in our company. Who needs 300,000 apps, this phone has all the important ones and getting more weekly. Trade now you won't go wrong.I dropped my Lumia 928 phone on a tile floor. It cracked. I don't have phone insurance. Repairing it myself was going to be $180; to have a professional repair it was $250. The display design changed from the Lumia 920 which would have been about $30 to fix. The display on the 928 is no longer in three pieces. It is a single piece that must be replaced if any of the components is damaged. I'm half way through a two-year contract with Verizon. I'll continue to use it cracked. Verizon does not sell a protective cover that would prevent this from happening. I found a high-impact armor case that I now use. I love everything else about the phone! Lesson: Get phone insurance if you sign a Verizon contract for the Nokia Lumia 928, and get a Extreme Rugged Impact Armor Hybrid Hard Cover.I won't lie, I am a Microsoft fan. From Windows 3.1 to Windows 8, I've used and enjoyed their operating systems over the years. When Pocket PC came out, I snatched it up in the form of a Dell Axim and eventually joined it together with my phone in the form of Windows Mobile. Windows Mobile, quite frankly, had issues. It was quite prone to lockups and awkward user experiences. Despite the fact it was quite customizable with ROM's and had good support for a while, when iPhone and eventually Android came around, it was outdated. So I kept my eye on the upcoming Windows Phone 7. And while I liked what I saw, I decided to go with Android and enjoyed the Android experience for a good while. I also had a worked issued iPhone5 but I just never cared for the iPhone's interface and having "every app" wasn't an issue for me. Enter Windows Phone 8. Just a few days with it and I am SOLD! Where to start? First up, I love the hubs! Once you are used to how the hubs work, it makes perfect sense. All of your games are in the Games hub, which is heavily XBOX connected and themed. Photos Hub not only shows you photos and videos on your phone but also from SkyDrive and Facebook. In addition, you can slide over and see any photo updates on your preferred social networks and also see any camera/photo related app. Hubs rock! I am already a big fan of Family Rooms. Create a family room and anyone with a Windows Phone can join and then the fun begins. You can share pictures, have group text messages, share OneNote's and keep things like grocery lists in sync. You can have shared calendars as well. The only thing missing are shared TASKS. You can also create multiple Family Rooms. Very nice option. The start screen and live tiles are a joy to use and while not as robust as Android, you can come up with a lot of customizations. You have three sized of tiles that you can use. Small for easy to group apps and ones you don't need live files for. The mid-size for standard functional live tiles and a third that will show the full, rectangular live tile. I use the largest for Facebook, Photos and a few other apps that I like to have the largest live tile for. Apps. Yeah, to win people over from the app heavy iPhone or Android, you've got to have apps. I once saw someone who couldn't wait to get this phone but because there was no OFFICIAL Instagram, they went to iPhone5. That said, if you don't have to have every app or official apps, you will be happy. I cannot name one app that I really miss from Android. If there isn't an app for it, the excellent Internet Explorer 10 browser works just fine. If I have to give it one negative, and it is a BIG negative, it would be media, namely music. I was a Zune fan and owned both the original and ZuneHD. While not perfect, the Zune Software was really good and I still use it often to listen to music (and sync my Zune.) I know cloud based services are the coming thing but with the big cellular providers limiting data these days, it makes little sense that there isn't an easy way to sync music. I have an XBOX Music Pass (9.99 a month for unlimited music streaming/downloads) and while it comes in handy for a quick find and listen to a streaming album (or even a direct download to the phone), there is no easy way to manage playlists. I actually have to use Windows Media Player and then download the Windows Phone DESKTOP app to sync music directly to my phone. And even then, album art is spotty (there is a great app to fix the album art problem) and music rights verification problems come up. So, if you decide to stream your XBOX Music, it is a hit and (mostly) miss experience. Album art has even more problems when playing music in the cloud and cloud based music has a hiccup on every song when there is 5 seconds left in the song. In addition, managing your cloud music is a mess. Not that Google Music was great but it was far better than this at cloud music management. Suffice to say, XBOX Music needs a lot of work, especially if you are going to win iTunes users. The phone itself is very snappy and I've had no issues with it. The camera is everything they say and it is quite amazing. I don't feel upset if I leave my SLR camera at home. As a power user, I thought I'd miss the direct file level access I had with Android. So far, I haven't. I am a heavy SkyDrive user and it comes in handy. I have to say I am now a Windows Phone fan and I don't see myself leaving it anytime soon. I don't care for the iPhone user interface and between lockups and horrible OS upgrade options with Android, I don't see myself going back to Android. If you are willing to leave the mainstream and take a chance on a phone that gives you an amazing experience, you can 't go wrong with Windows Phone and the Nokia Lumia 928.I have had my Nokia Lumia 928 for about 1 month now. I had an iPhone 4 before this. And let me just warn you! Over half the apps I had on my iPhone are not even available on the Lumia! The camera is nice but I haven't noticed that much better quality. At least not compared to iPhones. It doesn't feel as sturdy and the buttons aren't as conveniently placed. Not only that, but the battery life is terrible! I have to charge it twice a day! I charge it overnight and by 2:00 pm its dying! It does have a very cool music mix app that is free, if you have WiFi, otherwise it uses up a lot of data. And I can't complane about 30g's of storage! The other bad thing is that internet explorer doesn't operate as well as safari when trying to link apps. Other than all that, its an ok phone. Hopefully they have updated and changed most of these problems on the newer lumia's.Much better than my android and my wife's IPhone 5. Get the windows 8 ap on your laptop and sync your skydrive docs,pics, Itunes, spreadsheets, scans, etc. You can choose any or all of your Itunes for a seemless transfer and use all as ringtones with no fuss. Sign in to X Box Live, or create an X Box account and game from the Microsoft store. All the apps you want and more. Get this FLAGSHIP. I have the black model and it is sleek, streamlined, and awesome. The camera and speaker are unbeatable. Thank Nokia for the best reception I have seen. The device is solid, not plastic feeling like the Galaxy. 32 Gigs for a great price. Buy this Flagship.I came from blackberry but I love my new Nokia Lumia 928. In my opinion the Windows 8 OS is better than Android & Apple. The user interface is extremely pleasant to navigate. It is quick & efficient. Uploading my documents to SkyDrive was easy as pie. Syncing my contacts, calendar, & hotmail with my phone was a breeze. Not too mention this phone is sexy as hell! I really wanted the HTC One but that runs on Andriod. Don't let those other operating systems on the Samsungs & Iphones fool you. This phone is the one to get. The other cell phone manufacturers really need to embrace this operating system because it's fantastic. This OS is the best kept little secret. Don't forget to get your $25 credit for the app store after you purchase your phone. Do not hesitate to purchase this phone.Yes, I'm pretty happy happy happy with this device. I say DEVICE because to call it a phone is just not enough. Today I had to get somewhere in Friday traffic and I used a traffic map app that showed me which freeways were backed up and got to the location 15 minutes faster than my client who left from the same location. Windows Phone 8 has apps. So 'bla bla' to anyone saying it doesn't. Bing news reader is another winning app.Purchased this at a Verizon store in white which gives a very clean modern look to the phone. Pros: The 4.5 inch screen is amazing! Very fluid with swipes and works well outside. Just yesterday a friend was trying to show me a photo on his iPhone5 while we were outside on a sunny day we were trying to shade it with our hands so we could see something/anything. The Nokia 928 has no such problems. Photos are great, especially indoor photos which would normally not come out well on a camera phone. Nokia Smart Shoot takes 5 photos with just one push of the button. When doing family shots it's great. You take a photo, which is really five, then you flip through the five and pick your favorite. Panorama is pretty cool too but I don't use it as much. Nokia maps, city lens, and drive are great! The ability to use the drive with no data usage is key to keeping your data usage down. The ability to set if and when it sounds the speeding warning is great. You can set different levels for speeds posted over and under 30 mph. So for under 30 I have it set to 5, for over 30 it is set to 9. The only thing I wish the Nokia drive had was an option to show a line by line of the directions. My Garmin has that feature and I used it often. The OS is the best. I love the live tiles and the ability to change the size of the tiles. If you use a app or feature more often you can give it a larger tile to make it easier to see/tap. Pining and unpinning tiles to the start page is a breeze. People hub is amazing for those that use there phone as a social device. All the Microsoft products that are included are great for people that use it more as a business phone. Cons: If you are coming from Apple the lack of some apps will be troublesome to you. Windows now has about 5.6% of the smartphone market, up from 3.8 YOY according to Kantor Research. I think once it hit's about 10% which should be early next year the apps will really start coming in. Size: If you are coming from an iPhone the phone might seem too large. Trying to use it with a single hand if you are a woman or a man with small hands might be difficult. I wanted a bigger screen to make web browsing and typing easier so I was appreciative of the larger screen. Finishing thoughts: The Nokia deserves a look whether you are entering the smartphone market for the first time or thinking of switching from Apple or Android. Try it out with an open mind and I think you will be surprised at how good it is.I switched from an Android, While the 928 was in route I worried I had made the wrong choice, no Google Navigation, lack of apps, etc. I LOVE this phone! Nokia Here Navigation is great and so is Nokia Music (think Pandora with no ads), you will not miss Google Maps. No bloatware, no reboots. Only con so far is one volume for everything, which will be corrected on the next update sometime in the first half of 14. If you are on the fence, come on over, you'll love it!Pros: I love this phone! I had android for 2 years as well as an iphone my work issued me. I got this phone and felt like I was years ahead of the other phones. The phone is fast and fluid no lagging like my androids. Camera is awesome and takes the best pictures! People complain about the apps and not having many to choose from but that is not the case. Yes there are less apps than on apple and Andriod but the quality is so much better in my opinion. I was able to find all my apps that I use or a very similar version of the apps I was looking for. I would definitely recommend this to anyone thinking of switching or getting a smart phone. Cons: No real cons in my opinion phone is build well and is a fest developing OS and it will only get better. cant wait to be a long time user of Windows phoneI really haven't had the money or the use for a smartphone. My old cellphone was an ancient Nokia that mostly I just played JewelQuest Solitaire on. It didn't have a camera and its "internet browser" was pretty lame. So for me a Nokia Lumia 928 is like giving a Neanderthal a torch. It's pretty overwhelming. My reaction would pretty much be, "OMG, look at that, a camera! Look at it browse the internet! It must be magic!" If you already have a smartphone, like an iPhone or a Galaxy S-whatever, then I'm sure your reaction would be very much different. I have a strong suspicion you would be unlikely to trade for the Nokia. That is all.This phone finally was a nice cross between the HTC 8X and the Nokia 920 that should have happened earlier. It is noticeably sleeker and not as heavy as the 920 to me. It is a bit more sturdy feeling than the 8X with a bigger screen, but practically the same size. The addition of a AMOLED screen makes this phone a winner in terms of display over the other phones and the Windows Phone is snappy and intuitive. Has most of the major apps I would use that are also big on Samsung and iPhone, but would be even better eventually when other apps are there in time. Only other point I wish is for more colors beyond the black and white. The black is nice with the same matte finish as the 920, but a little red, blue or yellow choice would also be great.I love my windows phone!!! My favorite is Cortana. I know it doesn't have 42 million apps, (only 130,000) but I only need maybe 20 anyway... It works good, sounds good, is easy to use, and does everything and more that I will ever need. I am amazed at how well the voice recognition works. Who would have ever thought I would be such a Windows phone fan. Certainly not me...As a former iphone owner since the 3g, I have been looking to make the switch to WP8. I have always felt Nokia puts out quality products, so I decided to make the jump to the Lumia 928 and could not be happier. Doesn't take long to adjust wp8 after ios, the live tiles are awesome and I love the ability to customize everything. Skydrive is easy to use and very handy. The overall experience was seamless and intuitive, everything just worked. The camera is awesome. Low light pictures are sharp as a tack, and the xenon flash works well when shooting in the dark or into light. If you are thinking of making the switch from Android or IOS...take a look at this phone.Switched from iphone 4 to a WP to avoid the hassle of transferring my files back and forth from laptop's windows. Was considering android but all my research said they killed batteries fast and very buggy, so went with this one instead. Awesome price point. Very pleased with the new win 8's ease of use. The phone is beautifully built, very well made, no complaints so far, a joy to use.love the physical design of the phone and the digital one. The live tiles are amazing, and the camera is FANTASTIC! In MOST ways this phone is far superior to your iPhones and Androids currently available. Unfortunately, the app market dwarfs those of its competitors. Otherwise, the phone is great, calling is good. Typing is fluid. Its a very hardy phone of course also. Thanks Nokia! Would definitely suggest!This is the best phone I've owned, hands down. I've used all 3 operating systems, and Windows has left android and apple in the dust frankly. This phone is 1000x more customizable than either Android or apple, and its very easy to use, and is very flexible. Everyone I show the phone to agrees that it is a fly phone. You won't be disappointed.This is a steal at this price and similar feature worse looking Samsung and iphone selling at more ....It was a no brainier for me and I loved the value i got from this buy... Windows apps are smooth and I have all the apps I need.. People should not have complains anymore that there are not enough apps on windows... The build quality is awesome and looks better in hand even compared to iPhone 5 that looks cheaper in comparison...I have been an avid Android user for several years. I have no desire to get an iphone. I recently purchased the Nokia Lumia 928 for my birthday. I have to say that I am totally in love with this phone! It is such a delight to use. The ease of use is amazing. I had been using the Droid Razr, which I did like a lot. The Android experience was getting boring to me and that's why I made the switch. This phone takes the most amazing photos and with all the different lenses you get with it, you can't take a bad picture. I highly recommend this phone.I got a Lumia 928 back in September 2013, so this is written at about 7 months of use. I know that Nokia phones had a reputation of being indestructible, but I guess this is an exception. A few months ago I started running into annoying issues that are only getting worse every day. Pros: -Great camera that takes high quality pictures -Nice big screen -The phone displays a list of predicted words while texting, which is useful Cons: -Hardware and software issues. Camera only works sometimes - hard/soft reset do not solve it. The solution I found online is to apply pressure to the phone, which fixes it SOMETIMES. -The big feature of having a Xenon flash is eclipsed by the flash only working occasionally. -Lock button does not work sometimes -Phone gets caught in loops and behaves randomly when some apps are selected -Touchscreen is unresponsive a lot of the time -The backlights of the three face "buttons" are yellow and have dark spots that ruin the appearance. A common issue. -NO APPS. There are some useful apps you can find, but if you are looking for the latest trending apps and most popular apps (like flappy bird, instagram..) you're out of luck. You will have to deal with a buggy version that's on the market, because the official apps aren't available. Kind of makes you feel left out when Apple and Android have so many apps you are left out of. My phone probably has some of these hardware issues because I dropped it once or twice. I have a case and screen protector though, and everyone drops their phone once in a while. I have dropped my previous phone, an iPhone 4, many times to the point where the screen was shattered - but it still worked.This phone sucked and it isnt Verizon thats the issue its Nokia. I bought this phone had it replaced 3 times for the screen not responding and the phone turning off and not wanting to turn back on Verizon tried to help me out the best they could. Nokia refused to replace the phone with a different make and model because I already had this one replace 3 times and still had the same issue. I finally had to add another line with the LG G3 and cut my old line off which charged me $350. Nokia's customer service sucks and the people cant speak English one bit and you will be very disappointed with this phone. I'd expect more from someone who has been making phones for 34 years.I have found this phone so easy to learn. Even easier than some of the older flip style "dumb" phones I've had over the years. Everything is so intergrated, and smooth. Camera is phenom, and the wireless charging is super cool! I come home, lay the phone on the charging pad, and that's it! Even with Windows Phone Apps store being behind Android and ios, there are WAY more apps than I could ever download. All the top apps are there. Very satisfied!I really really like the phone. It comes with office and I can view my doc or ppt on it. even do some simple editing. Cam is decent especially for low light. Love Nokia navigation apps, they are really good since you can have your offline map and not using your data plan to do that. It has limited apps especially the popular ones or the one I rely on. I feel really bad about returning it...........When they have more app choice for WP I will definitely come back!Barely 6 months after Nokia delivers on the revolutionary 920, here it comes again with the 928. Finally on Verizon!! An improved, lighter version of the 920? Sweeet! Love the wireless charging. Love that industry leading camera. Love the design! Sign me up! =)Pros: awesome camera, fast, great screen, solid mapping, strong phone, good speaker phone, easy typing, able to avoid opening unintended items with practice and holding techniques, and basic apps. Cons: very touchy (constantly opening screens I didn't intend to open), there are phones with better batteries on the market, and there is not an abundance of (non-essential) free apps.I've had this phone less than a week, so I can't tell you how long it will last. It has some nice features. It synched well with my Office 365. However, I am giving it a one star because of its incredibly bad music app. I had all my music on ITunes on my laptop which is running Windows 8.1. If you go to the Windows website, they give the impression that it is a piece of cake to move everything onto this phone. DO NOT BELIEVE IT! I have a lot of problems with this but, the biggest issue is with playlists. I have tried every suggestion that I found on the net, but I could not find anything to move my playlists over from my laptop to my phone. (I have spent at least 6 hours working on this problem.) So, okay, I thought I would just have to make the playlists on the phone. Unfortunately, that is incredibly difficult as well. The only way to make a new playlist is out of the "now playing" playlist. In other words, whatever is queued up on your "Now Playing" list will be added to your new playlist. However, there is no way to tell what is on your "now playing" playlist. Through trial and error, I found out that there are often unintended things there. For example, if you go to your song list and tell it to play, for example, "Ramblin' Man", then every song on your device that falls alphabetically after "Ramblin" is added to your "now playing" list. The real kicker is that there is no way to clear your "now playing" playlist. Even turning off the phone and restarting does not do it. You have to download a 3rd party app to clear your now playing playlist. What kind of genius designed that? One last thing. There is no way to remove a song that is on your playlist except by plugging your phone into your computer and using Windows Explorer.It took Nokia long enough to release a top-tier phone on Verizon, but they got it right. The display is crisp/clear. I love the wireless charging and the automatic upload of photos/video to SkyDrive.I really feel like I wasted my Verizon upgrade. At first I loved this phone but I have grown to despise it. Navigation Don't ever use Here maps to find your destination unless its an actual address, ie don't try to use search. It has already got me lost several times. It's terrible at starting out the trip, usually have to drive a bit before it locates correctly which means starting the trip by turning the wrong way. Other issues Touch screen goes unresponsive and need to reboot. Sound issues, such as not being able to use built in ear piece when Bluetooth is connected. No appsI had this phone upon release, the day my contract was up was the day this phone was made available on verizon. Lucky or so I thought. Initially I was impressed, big screen, loved WP8 (mostly but the OS issues I will leave for an OS specific review site), audio initially sounded great. My first major issue was the camera button, way to easy to push accidentally. I took more photos of my pocket and side of my car then I had ever with all previous phones, granted they were great pictures, when they didn't blur, but basically useless. The other problem I had was the cell reception on the phone. It would constantly jump around between 1-5 bars, literally all over the place. Initially I thought it might be my location, but I had two other Verizon phones (HTC Trophy & Casino g'Zone Ravine 2) that didn't have that problem. Anywhere I went, reception was all over the place. The bars on my phone were more hyper than a Jack Russel Terrier. Other than that I didn't have any problems, for about 25+ days. Then out of nowhere, the camera failed, camera app would not load, even the flashlight app wouldn't turn on (flash on phone attached to camera). Around the same time, the ear speaker also failed. Voices would constantly cut-out, to the point where I could ONLY talk to people on speaker-phone. I tried every suggestion to fix, soft-reset, hard-reset, hard-reset without restoring anything (that hurt). Had to send the phone into Verizon and get a refurb (they already had refurbs less than a month after this model had been released, scary). I got the refurb, and after less than two weeks (Verizon had not even received by first unit back by mail yet!!) the same problem with the ear speaker happens (voices cut-out, must use speaker-phone). So now I am sending this back and they are sending me an HTC 8x WP. I really hope I don't have problems with that, and I will greatly miss the Nokia GPS app.I am lucky to be the first one to get a black phone from Verizon with a new ordered batch of phones. I loved this phone so much that I went ahead and added a new basic line to get this linked to my existing number. You would not be disappointed with this phone.Best phone ever I got 2 for my sons and they work just awesomely so if you are looking at this phone I suggest you definitely buy itSlimmer body and straight than the 920. Low light camera performance is top-notch!!! The camera is amazing!!!T he video is smooth and flawless. It's the best phone I've used and I haven't yet used it in any real low light situations. Finally -- wireless charging is cool.I have to say that this is a huge step up from my old phone which was HTC Rhyme. Granted that upgrading to any phone from the Rhyme is a big plus, but I digress. Anyway, I really love this phone because for one the OS is really simple and easy to understand and customize. The call quality have been very clear and easy to understand, and the camera is out of this world. I go to a lot of shows and can record a band so well that it looks professional. Bottom line, this is an amazing phone and the apps are really coming around. Thumbs up!I never write a review, let alone a bad one, but this product deserves a review. I have had my phone for ~3 months. At the beginning, I thought it was awesome. I particularly liked having a windows platform as I had had an apple iphone, so it was very nice having MS Office always in my hand. However, I have a few issues with the device itself. First off, it always drops calls (I know everyone says that is due to carrier, but I could always get clear calls at home, work, and school.) even though it has full bars. Second, the call quality is very poor when you do get through. My boss and coworkers complain that they have trouble hearing me (hence, the fat check I am about to write to get a better quality phone mid-contract). Third, it freezes 1-2 times per week (I am not a heavy user. No games, but text, phone, email, and internet). Fourth, headphone jack is very poor quality. It stopped working, the housing started to break. Fifth, picture quality is terrible. While I understand that a cell phone won't have great pictures, anything larger than viewing on the phone itself it is grainy and fuzzy. Pros: Very Stylish Cons: Poor reception Poor Call Quality Freezes Poor Quality Headphone jack Terrible Picture QualityThis is the best phone that I have used. I am coming from a Galaxy and my wife has an iPhone 5. Both do not add up to what this phone does, at least for me. You will love how. Easy it is to use, the camera, and how fast it runs. You could not pay me to switch to another phone right now. The only problem everyone is having is, keeping them in stock.I have had Nokia 920 since launch and it is a beautiful phone in every way. This one looks like an even more refined version, hopefully AT&T will get it soon.Coming from a Galaxy S3... have been "waiting" for a VZW WP flagship for 4 years now! Good + Camera + Autosync pics to skydrive + Ability to uninstall Verizon crapware + Google Calendar sync with multiple calendars shared with you!!! Cannot even do this on windows 8 ( grrrr!!) + Qi charging is FAST + Authenticator is truely only one of the MUST HAVE apps and works! + Twitter app lets you have a Tile per a LIST + COMMING: Nokia CR-200 Qi/NFC car dock!!! Cannot wait for this! + COMMING: Waze for WP8!!! Bad -Bluetooth A2DP doesn't reconnect to my headunit that neither of my DroidX / GS3 ever had trouble with. - No SD card (NEED an SD card to sideload apps on WP8) ... for whatever reason "keyring" app where all my lame store cards are stored is nolonger being made but there is an old app out there that there is no way to install on NOKIA phones that omit the SD card slot. - Windows Phone 8 is UNPOLISHED ... just check out the uservoice, most things there JUST WORK on Android and i find i miss them This includes: -No notification LED/CapactiveButton/FlashLED ... cmon just pick something and flash it already!! -No notification bar to show me things that i have to now use up TILES for (Battery, Time, Emails, Txts)... Problem is that when i am in another app THE TILES ARE NOT VISIBLE HENCE I DONT KNOW ANY OF THIS INFORMATION!!! -no SWYPE... i don't care how much research has been made on the WP8 keyboard IT IS SLOWER THAN SWYPE (no 3rd party keyboards) -Back button in IE wont go back in browser history if you switch apps and then switch back... it now switches apps (AND THERE IS NO BACK BUTTON) -Apps: -NFL Mobile app PRE INSTALLED crashes when opened - LOL!!!!! -2 music apps? XBOX music app has a pretty good music selection when subscribed. but missing a ton of features - cannot even add a song to a playlist?!!? -espn hub.. what a joke and why do your apps on android and WP not support landscape!! -Car Mode - non existent? -Keyring - App no longer supported -Runkeeper - App no longer supported (Caledos alternative has ugly UI.. seems functional) -Facebook is junk - slow and not as nice as android... actually good i spend(waste) less time reading that feed -Nokia - they seem to have their own apps / store / logins / support ... it would be nice to just hide this from us, why do i need NOKIA brand name everywhere. If MS and NOKIA have such a strong partnership just label it all the same and don't waste time adding Nokia Music and Xbox Music... Nokia App Store / Microsoft App store ... Nokia Maps / ? ... TL;DR: - Microsoft ... CMON! polish this turd!!After waiting for months, I was very excited about the launch of the Lumia 928. I got this phone on the day of launch at noon time. The Verizon store told me we were the 5th buyer. I bought two, one for me and any wife. I was switching from AT&T. I know this will irk off some people because they will say the phone is good and I am rating the service...please note these phones are essentially married to Verizon. Unless I buy it at full price and then use it with AT&T... it will unusable for me. IMHO the phone and service go hand in hand. Lumia 928: ----------- The phone is very, very good. It is very fast. The UI is fluid and a joy to use. No lag or sluggish behavior like I notice in Android devices, especially noticeable on Android on the very first swipe to left of right (after the phone has been sitting). I was surprised how much faster apps open compared to my old Samsung Focus Windows phone. Screen size is very nice. The weight is just right. The shape is better than the HTC 8X, whose sharp edges digs into your fingers. Most of the apps I need are all there. Some banks' apps are missing but you can easily use their WAP website instead. For others like Disney, well you can only hope they release a Windows Phone version soon. It does however have a few problems; none of them are deal killers. I am known to be picky: 1. The AMOLED screen changes color if you tilt the screen. Dead on the screen is nice, you tilt is a little to the left or right, it becomes bluish. I compared it with my old Samsung Focus...that also has an AMOLED screen, which does not do the same thing. It may not bother you but it bothered me. It was very obvious in screens where the background is white, like while reading e-mail or web pages. Viewing photos also shows the bluish tinge and while it may not matter to the person holding the phone but if you are showing photos to a couple of people standing beside you....well you get the idea. 1.1: AMOLED cannot be dimmed easily. Now this is a serious flaw of this technology. I did not realize until I got a Lumia 920 with a regular IPS LCD display. If you like to read in bed, you will like the non AMOLED screens better. The brightness of a AMOLED screen does not do down a lot. So in a totally dark room, it will still be way too bright to be comfortably read. I searched and found that the inability to dim properly is a hallmark of AMOLED screens. My old Samsung Focus with a AMOLED also used to do the same thing. BTW, in almost all other respects, the AMOLED is better. 2. The camera button has no middle stop. Lumia 920 has a clearly felt "half press" to focus stop. You push down a little and the camera focuses, gives a "ting" sound....then you press it fully to take a picture. 928 does have that feature but the hardware button does not have a clearly felt half press. This results in out of focus pics (sometimes). 3. The flash is useless. The highly touted flash results in pictures which are too yellow. At first, the white balance seems to be very off. But if you look closely the foreground is properly white balanced but the background is not...it comes out to be very yellow. Maybe the flash "drops off" very quickly? To be fair, you can turn off the flash and the pics come out fine. The 920 does not have this problem. I hope a software update will fix this issue. 4. Bluetooth issues. a. Phone behaves strangely with music playback. For example, suppose you were listening to Pandora music in the morning and you stopped playback. Then in the afternoon a call comes in, you take that call. After the call ends, the music starts playing again! I did not play music, so why does the phone play music? Even weird is that at that time I cannot find Pandora running in the background (by keeping the back button held down)! The only way to stop Pandora at that time is to start Pandora again from the apps list, then stop it. Same thing happens if you use something other than Pandora, like the phone's own native application for music. None of my other phones do this. b. It starts playing music when it loses BT connection. For example, you have it paired to your car and listening to music. When you end your journey, you stop the music (actually pause) then get down from the car and walk away. Eventually you will be far enough from the car to lose the BT connection (or the car's BT will switch off). At that time the 928 will suddenly start playing music from its own speakers. None of my other phones do this. c. It drops connection with my Plantronics Voyager Legend. About one or twice a day the BT connection drops, sometimes in the middle of a call. This could be the fault of the Voyager also. d. While paired to the headset, you dial a number using the keypad, the sound sometimes starts coming from the phone. To switch to the BT headset, you have to press the BT button on the call screen...very annoying. Note that this problem does not happen all the time. e. To be fair, I hear that the Nokia 920 also has some of these BT issues. So maybe it is a Windows OS problem? But how come my older Windows 7.8 does not have this problem. Verizon: ------------ 1. Verizon's coverage was much worse than AT&T. I was getting only one bar at home (Woodbridge, VA) and none at work (in downtown DC). In comparison, I get 5 bars and 3 bars with AT&T, respectively. Maybe AT&T's signal penetrates building more easily? They say Verizon's coverage is the best but that was not the case in my experience. Having no connection at work was a deal breaker. 2. Voice quality of Verizon is significantly worse than AT&T. I was surprised how bad it sounded. Even the ringer sounds bad. It sounds like a very low bitrate MP3. People sound garbled inside my home, where I get only one bar. I was having difficulty understanding what the other person is saying. When I dialed 611 to complain to their customer service, I had to tell the rep to repeat again and again...I simply could not understand what she was saying. To be fair, none of the people I called said that they were having any trouble...so it was only on my side. At first I thought it was the lumia 928 but I went to their store and made a couple of calls using Android devices, the sound quality seemed to be the same. I am sure I am being nit-picky here. I am an audiophile at heart. But why does AT&T sound so much better? I googled and noticed many people saying the same thing, most of them saying Verizon's antique CDMA network is to blame. As a result of having service problems I have returned the phones and have been hit with a $140 fee. $35 activation fee + $35 restocking fee on each of our two phones. I am fighting for these fees with Verizon. I have ported my numbers back to AT&T, voice quality is again clear, like a land line. I would advise anyone switching carriers to: A) Thoroughly test the device in the first 2 days B) Find a seller with no restocking fee (e.g. Costco) C) Return it within first 3 days to avoid no refund of the activation fee.Preamble: The main reason (deal killer) for me is that Windows 8 phones cannot play .wav files (meaning I can't use it to listen to my email voicemails) even though the specifications on the Verizon website say it does (false advertising?). I feel bad giving this device such a terribly low rating because the device itself is quite nice however, the OS's limitations rendered it practically useless to me but if it cannot perform some very basic functions, it just becomes a very fancy paperweight. First off, let me address the phone itself: It is indeed a very attractive piece of equipment that garnered a lot of compliments in the three days that I used it. The display is amazing, its response is fast and fluid and in general it looks and feels like a solid, quality device. Coming from a Motorola Razr Maxx, I was afraid no other phone would keep me happy, as the Razr Maxx's massive battery had really spoiled me. However, I was fairly impressed with the battery capacity of the Lumia 928 which, after average use, I would end up with 50% - ~30% remaining at the end of a typical 12 -14 hour day. I also purchased the vertical wireless charging cradles which I immediately fell in love with - they make charging such an easy, convenient task. I'm not much of a cell phone photographer but the picture quality (without flash - more on this below) is stunning. Call quality is super clear and the speakers/mic certainly live up to their tasks. Now on to the shortcomings... Cons: Integrated Battery - cannot add a larger capacity battery No Memory Expansion - I really didn't mind when I bought it due to SkyDrive. However, with memory cards being so cheap, I really resent the new trend in committing your memory capacity on an otherwise extremely versatile piece of equipment. Xenon Flash - Although the camera is impressive, the xenon flash gives pictures a very yellowish tint - best to take pics without flash. Lack of Swype - Android has really spoiled me on this one (originally a Microsoft feature? and man, do I miss the physical, vertical QWERTYs - never had to look at my phone to accomplish one-handed texting on those!). Although WP8 uses word prediction, it's still not quite as practical #(wasn't it also a Microsoft product to begin with?). Lack of a Built-In Bedside App - the last few phones I have had prior to this turn the phone into a bedside clock when plugged into the charging dock. There's an available app but it's not automatic. Not a big deal, but just a slight annoyance. Last But Not Least - The OS Limitations... Fist off, as I mentioned earlier, the windows 8 phones cannot play .wav files (at least some variants). I receive my voicemails from work via email so when I'm away from the office, I get an email and immediately listen to the voicemail. First email I received, and I get a popup to the extent of "sorry, cannot play this type of file." I read several forums and this has been a known issue since at least November of last year and although some people have reported that Microsoft is working on a solution, I found none. I contacted Verizon, Microsoft and Nokia which they all confirmed wav files are not supported. I wasn't given any expectation of a fix, much less a timeframe. As such, I cannot use this phone or any WP8 phone for that matter (All my previous phones - every variant of a Motorola Droid has never had a problem playing my voicemail attachments). There's a couple of online services that convert the wav files and reroute the emails to you, but this did not work for me, since my faxes get emailed as well and when I tried the service, my fax messages disappeared in the cloud. A luck few have been able to get their phone providers to change they type of file extension they send out, but I had no such luck. Such a shame, because I really liked this phone. I had been waiting several years for a decent Windows phone to become available (to integrate with all my office applications for mobility) and when it finally came, it was a huge disappointment. Other than the wav files issue, Windows 8 phones cannot sync directly with Microsoft Outlook. I ended up having to set several loops through a Hotmail account, an Outlook.com account and my gmail account to get email, contacts and calendar all synced. As a result, I have double reminders on my calendar events. Even worse, when I log into Outlook.com directly, my appointments don't show! As I mentioned, I had been anticipating a phone like this for such a long time and the Lumia 928 is almost everything I wanted in a phone, but the Windows Phone 8 OS is not ready for business-oriented consumers, especially considering the basic, established functions and popularity of the lacking services. If those few issues are not a concern to you, then you might be extremely happy with the Lumia 928. I highly recommend the phone in and of itself which is a beautiful, high quality phone. Hopefully it's clear that my rant is aimed at the OS more than at the phone itself but the bottom line is, I cannot use this phone. I hope Microsoft can work out the kinks by the time my eligibility for another upgrade rolls around in a couple of years, then I might give it another try. In the meantime, it's back to Android for me.The product and the reviews looked great. I'm a Verizon customer and their store is 0.2 miles away - but I always go to AMAZON first. The deal is better than Verizon. I selected the Nokia 928 for Verizon and went to checkout. I indicated that I would be adding this to an existing Verizon plan - and it validated that I did have such a plan. Continuing with checkout I indicated I wanted a new phone number for it. Then I came to "Add A Line Elgibility" - where it wanted "Enter the primary account holder's information" (which it already had provided, but I entered it.) Below this and a privacy notice was "Customer Information" where it asked for DOB, Drivers License number, state, and expiration date. Then below that was the logo for EXPERIAN - the credit information gatherer. Amazon knows me, and finds me credit-worthy - and doesn't need this information to get their $0.99 from me. Verizon knows me, and finds my existing account credit worthy. 1. WHY AM I BEING ASKED FOR THIS INFORMATION? THERE IS NO RATIONAL BASIS WHY IT IS NEEDED! 2. WHY IS EXPERIAN INVOLVED? 3. Is Amazon making money by selling information about this particular purchase to Experian - or 4. is this just an uncharacteristically crummy ordering process? 5. Is Amazon willing to proceed with this sale in the absence of knowing by drivers license number? Stay tuned...Before I purchased I contacted the seller to make sure the version he sells is for US T-mobile and will enable 4G LTE. The box I got was a Tmobile box, it even included a microSIMcard. I have had it for a week now and I am getting 4g LTE speeds and everything seems to be working very well! I am so happy about my purchase from an Amazon seller, because the price was $200 less regular price for T-mobile customers. Just make sure you ask the seller directly which version it is - there are 3 versions of Lumia 925: RM-892 (international), RM-893 (US version for Tmobile and AT&T), RM-910 (asia version with no 4G) (source: Wikipedia). I got the RM-893 and 4G LTE works great on T-Mobile.I never bothered to review this phone but since microsoft no longer has any interest in capturing or dominating the mobile phone space I have no choice but to reluctantly consider other options from the android side of the fence. I figured it couldn't hurt to still post this review as a tribute to this phone for its years of loyal service. The advent of the samsung galaxy S8 is probably the first time glance screen has been adopted by another phone manufacturer and that's comforting since I genuinely cannot live without that feature on my phone. I also own the newer supposedly better lumia 930 but despite having a better camera somehow the 925 just works better for me as a daily phone. If the windows phone platform was still receiving app support and sensible updates I would honestly keep using this phone for another couple of years.This phone is fantastic! I bought the Lumia 920 for my daughter for her first phone. I ended up hogging it from her! When my iPhone 4S had an issue, I quickly found the Lumia 925 and ordered it. I could not be more pleased with my overall experience with the phone. I've had it for over a week and haven't had an ounce of buyer's remorse. Pros: - Smooth interface - Customizable look and feel - Superlative camera and camera apps - Great integration with various social networks - Apps... Yes Apps. The one thing that you always hear is that Windows Phones do not have apps. They do. Everything that I had on my iPhone I now have on my Windows Phone or a something similar. - I love the high contrast background that is uniform between apps and menus. - It's different! You do not see a lot of 925's in America, so the phone stands out and makes a statement. It has a style. Cons: - Cortana is in beta, but is still awesome - The back cover is very slick, so it always feels like I'm going to drop it. I just bought a case. Problem Solved. - I did like the Home button voice dial feature on the iPhone, which the 925 does not have. It takes a few more steps to launch Cortana which makes calling tricky when driving. But Cortana has very good speech pattern recognition. I would highly recommend the Nokia Lumia 920 and 925. The 920 is built like a tank, while the 925 is more like a sports car, and I love both of them. The 920 is perfect for my daughter who, as a teenager, will be more prone to dropping it, while the 925 has a more corporate look. Attached are some picture that I have taken with the 925. I am very pleased with the purchase.The Nokia Lumia 925 was one of the first Windows Phone handsets to showcase a combination of beauty and capability... Outfitting this smartphone with a powerful 8.7MP OIS camera allows the user to capture amazing photos even in low light.. Even though Nokia has since released the Lumia 930 and Lumia 830, which build on its design, I still find the Lumia 925 to be one of the best designed Lumia smartphones in the marketWonderful phone. Always been a nokia phone fan but they lost out with their OS. Windows 8 phone seems to have fixed the problem. It is smoother and easier to use especially for work that my i"toy"phone. I have not found a problem in the apps department at all why does it matter if iphone has 1000 flashlight apps and windows 8 only has 100? All the ones I need and used on the iphone I have found for windows 8phone and having office is extremely useful.The switch to aluminium from what I thought was a gaudy and bulky poly carbonate plastic casing the 920 has is a huge step in the right direction. This phone is great all around. I am a big fan of windows phone so I am completely fine with the OS and its current standing with it's app limitations. The phone itself is great and the different suites of apps that nokia provides makes all the difference. I used to have the HTC 8x. That was also a great phone although the lumia 925 has the better features, better battery life, and camera quality. The only thing the HTC 8x outdid compared to the lumia 925 was sound quality via headset and/or speakers. Of course HTC has the upside of using Beats technology and built-in extra amps, but the difference in quality seems incredibly noticeable even after messing with the equalizer in settings. Overall though, great phone. I hope Microsoft continues to improve the lumia lines in the same matter as Nokia as done so far.not at all happy i have had this for about 2ws or less and the camera has stopped working and it will not support the update to messenger even though it says it has the minimum system requirement for it I bought this because i really liked my last nokia and it supports windows but now when i get the money to replace it it won't be with this brandI bought this phone to replace one just like it that was lost. It has some features that my old 925 didn't have which I like. The screen did freeze after 4 days, but that resolved as soon as the battery died. Hasn't freezed since. The new features take some time getting used to, but I am navigating the phone fairly well now. My carrier is TMobile and the phone came preloaded with a bunch of ATT junk that I had to uninstall, but no serious issues.Like description, work perfeclty on windows OSStopped working after a month of use and now it wont charge.Perfect condition phone. It has some quirks working on AT&T being the international version. No really issues, but takes a bit more setup time and things like SoftCard only work currently on AT&T branded phone.I want to love this phone but at the end of the day, I will be switching to Android. This phone is not compatible with 4G LTE. It is only running HSPA. The internet is slow, I have terrible signal. Also, the GPS does not work well on this phone whereas my roommate's phone (who also has Lumia 925) runs lightning fast with every program. I think it's just buying an unlock phone from this dealer that makes me really unhappy and dissatisfied. I contacted the seller but no responses whatsoever. Go get a different phone or buy this type of phone from someone else.Best phone ever. It is too bad it is no longer being made.I was excited getting this phone. And it looked really good too. However, after only 4 - 5 weeks, my experience hasn't been as positive. It turns out I got a defective and only discovered when I started using the phone back in my home country; I can't hear calls and therefore need to use the speaker function. The battery also needs to be charged about twice a day. I've had more value using my Lumia 510 for over a year.Only 10 months old and the internal speaker suddenly stopped working. You can't here the caller unless you turn on the speaker phone! Called Microsoft Mobile to get warranty repair or replacement. After 3 weeks going back and forth, they FINALLY sent me a RMA and FedX shipping label to send in for warranty repair. The repair facility called and told me they would not repair the phone without a $80 'estimate' plus shipping and handling fees because the IMEI is a 'non-US market' devise! Buyer Beware! Microsoft Mobile lied to me to get me to send them the phone, and now they want me to pay them $15 diagnostic fee plus shipping and handling to return the broken, unusable phone back to me unrepaired!!! Looks like we'll be headed to court to force Microsoft Mobile to honor the One Year Warranty for this phone!!!This is a spectacular piece of electronics. Everything flows nicely, looks great, is very intuitive. The camera is just great, the editing capability for the pictures hit the right line of not too complex but still powerful enough. All smart phone functionalities work great, office even better as in Android. Not too manz apps out there yet, and batterz run time should be longer. Still the best phone I have ever had (including an Iphone and several Android ones)Phone is basic for calls and messages. If you download any apps, they look horrible on the phone. The battery is gone in a flash and even if you close the apps the battery still dies. I don't advise people who watches videos or constantly use their phone to buy it. Its not worth it, just get another android phone.For the price, this is the best window smartphone out there. I like the tiles look. LOVE the camera! It takes very nice pictures in low lighting.I paid for a new phone and it does not look brand new. Not satisfied.it's the best Nokia phone I have used so far.This phone could not be unlocked! In fact, my carrier T Mobile, said the item was flagged and should be returned. Very disappointing! I was just grateful to get my money back!Love the phone but unfortunately when I recieved the package it came with a crappy charger didnt even plug into the phone. Amazon was nice enough to refund me partially but besides that I love the phone and it matches the description perfectly.lil straches on screanSOLID BUILT WORKS REAL GOOD. TOO BAD NOT MORE APPS FOR PHONEWas not unlockedLove it to bits, had it now for a few months and has never acted up or failed me. Now with the new update which includes cortana the phone just keeps getting stronger. The built quality and camera is really what sold it for me. Would Recommend.EXCELENTE PRODUCTONot good phone mic doesn't work phone have issuesYes this phone is great really smooth... Thanks amazon and by extension wireless hub... Really great service and really nice and new products no second hand stuff...Am happy with this purchaseExcelente telfono.I have this phone for about 2 months and the baterry is running out very fast something around 3 hours.So far, the best phone I've ever owned. It does everything that I need.Product quality, in good condition and fast delivery, satisfied, thank you !!Never going back to Android...only con is battery life other this is a great phone needs more aps but has almost everything I needDelivered very fast. brand new phone. work in full function. ThanksFast shipping! Product arrived as described. Very happy.Excellent phone, Nokia and Microsoft did a great job for a good price. beautiful, well finished, quick. I Love it!Gets 1 missing star because it has no memory card slot. SIM only. The camera is very nice and intelligent. The scrolling, page open / close controls are easy, and wifi and Bluetooth are great.Everything that I expected from the phone as described and priced very well. Only feedback to the reseller is to offer more quicker options to ship. I needed this much sooner than it was shipped, but no options were offered. other than that, good phone.The phone is getting hot even when I have only used it for a short period of time. Need to return order. I have had several Lumia phones & when they get hot like that, the battery is bad & starts messing everything up on phone. The batteries cannot be replaced & in my opinion the phone was not in good working condition. I also do not believe that I should have to pay a restocking fee. If I am not charged a restocking fee, I will give you a better review.I waited for so long to get this NOkia, but I can't use it, Because the phone is locked, even try to unlock with several cell phone web sites and still can't use my phoneworks great!Love it!!! Cortana rocks!!!Nice product! Unlocked and works well. Fell like 10 inches and got a chip on the screen which then cracked. (lucky me) so be careful not to drop it.Just want to try out a windows phone. Technology is terrible. For example, one setting for volume, you can't control voice volume without affecting ring volume or notification volume. There is no quick activation for for silent mode or airplane mode. It takes a long time to get a connection from no connection.. for example going out of a subway. The navigation app is terrible. The settings interface is not intuitive.I can figure out a cell phone just fine but this is so feature heavy that it's confusing. I don't run a business from my phone, I'm not a photographer, and I don't need social media sites updating every time someone blinks. If you do, great, it's got a nice UI, ever updating live tiles, office apps, and three different cameras. It's just too convoluted for me.Dark grey...? It's just black, OK?Bought this phone for my wife who was complaining about the complexity of the Android ecosystem. Really, she couldn't care less about multiple apps or widgets or rooting her phone. She just wants Facebook status updates, a decent Contacts app in a form factor that is somewhat smaller than the recent spate of monster-sized Android phones. (As an aside, personally, I use either a Galaxy Note 2 or a Galaxy S4, both rooted - she wants nothing to do with all that). This phone fit the bill perfectly. After a bit of a learning curve, she fell into a routine with this phone. Call quality is great. The keyboard is spot-on perfect for her smaller hands. She loves this phone. Well, she loves it when it works, anyway. Lately, this phone has been powering off at strange times. Sometimes it requires a soft reset to bring it back. Other times, simply plugging it into the charger is enough to bring it back to life. After a quick trip through the Googles, I'm finding that we're waiting for a specific over-the-air firmware update to resolve this problem. Thing is, that firmware update hasn't hit her phone yet. So...the waiting game. If your phone's OS is 8.0.10327.78, you are still waiting for the firmware update. Aside from this absolutely MAJOR issue with the phone's stability, its a wonderful flagship device for Windows Phone 8. Its really too bad that people don't give it a fair shake. Its not nearly as feature rich as a Droid, nor does it have as many apps as an iPhone. But there are just certain people out there who really...don't care about all that. They want the uncomplicated basics. Most of those people buy iPhones because family insists or have Androids foisted upon them by overeager Best Buy geeks. (nothing against the geeks - I am one) Those people should be looking at Windows Phone 8. And provided they get a phone that isn't firmware-broken right off the bat, I think they'll enjoy the experience.Pros- Performance- The phone is snappy and quick no matter what I've thrown at it. Camera is amazing. Seriously. Please disregard marketing that focuses mainly on megapixel count. Everyone who sees pictures or videos taken with this phone comments on how impressed they are with the quality. Screen is perfect for this OS. I have my tiles on a black background and you cannot tell where the edge of the screen is because of the inky blacks. Nokia Apps set the phone apart. If you are considering a windows phone, you would be doing a disservice to yourself by buying something other than a Nokia. Nokia smart cam, job lens, creative studio, photbeamer are all examples of Nokia-made apps that I use frequently and are unique to Lumias. Cons- App selection. While Nokia has rallied to keep wp8 on pace, major apps are still coming to iPhone>android>>>maayyybe WP8. If you will not settle for a non official instagram, vine, or snapchat app you will be frustrated. 3rd party apps exist for all of the above though, so really you could stop whining IMO. The one MAJOR app that wp8 NEEDS to have would be square. WP8 is such a perfect business phone, and many of those businesses would like to be able to take payments....Myself included. I can't bring myself to take away a star for this though because thats not Nokias fault.Very fun OS as long as it is on WP8.1. I'm an IOS and Android power user that wanted to try something new. Needless to say, I'm impressed and will be sticking with this phone for a while. Hoping that the app situation improves but I've found that my addiction to Google services/apps can be broken on WP 8.1.The phone works great, but the headsets wasn't included and the box was in bad shape, also the phone has a scrach on the upper corner. Even if the phone is unlocked it had AT&T applications and logo...Unable too bluetooth, ,contacts pictures, ,from nokia 5series too nokia 9series, ,no memory storage,unable too access Gmail account ,,nor too dificult too access wi fi,,,phone not compatible with my desired,,needs,,items sent back October 11,,please notify me of return ed refund by October 17 THANK youPoor call quality with a speaker phone that isn't even usable due to the plastic sound that causes call to sound so muffled that you can't make anything out. Basic features such as orientation lock and programming call waits when dialing are missing. This is an incomplete poorly built phone at best.I am very careful about cell phones and buying series Lumia spare no expense in purchasing the 925 Lumia was one of the more expensive more than $400 in 2014 and put their accessories for protejerlos of the fall, in the night turn off to prolong battery, little more than one year will damage the handset so that when they called me I had to put it on speaker... sometimes need privacy and in Venezuela the Nokia service Lumia is... Another thing happens with Android or iOS Nokia Lumia 925 is a very smart phone, but compare Lumia 925 with any phone and this is an old phone is one of the best cameras... even better than the of my current Lumia 830, Lumia 925 camera is best above all outlets of the night, bad that failed to update to Windows 10 Mobile is one of the Lumia more slim and very beautiful When came out iPhone 6 is I found much to the design of profile of Lumia 925, pity that not updated to this cute phone, it is another that has capacity of load wireless but you have to buy a CAP that stripping sexy...Works great, only not a 5 star because it doesn't allow expandable storage... which kinda sucks. However, with onedrive storage, that isn't really an issue unless you are in a location where you don't have access to it. Only other thing to watch out for is that the camera sometimes spazzes out and gives you a greenish hue, very dark screen resulting in black pictures. Restarting your phone usually fixes this, however. Very crisp screen resolution and quick response. I love the windows phone system as a student and professional who needs access to programs on the go. However, there is the limitations of apps to be aware of, which is significant. As time passes, however, more apps are being added, and I expect as the windows phone base grows, it will become more "mainstream." But still, if you are a"phone gamer" be aware that your fave games may not be on the OS.I love my Lumia 925. The phone is unlocked as described, BUT it is NOT factory unlocked. It was originally locked to AT&T and when powered on, the AT&T logo shows. The phone comes preinstalled with AT&T programs, but that is not a problem, I have uninstalled them. I have updated the phone to Lumia Cyan firmware and works pretty nice. I love it, works fast.Note that this item looks like it was an open box or returned soon after first purchase. The phone looks brand new though with no visible signs of ware. After updating the phone to Windows 8.1 and letting all the apps update which took about an hour or so, the phone is fantastic! its connecting to AT&T LTE / 4G perfectly!!!Yes, this phone is really fast, even with the new Windows 10 Mobile, which is a great improvement over 8.1, way better than my previous 635 and 521 Lumias. However, the battery is just horrible. It probably only gave me from 2 to 3 hours of screen time surfing the web.Sistema operativo Windows 8. No hay forma de actualizarlo a Windows 10 . No se le pueden instalar ninguna de las apps recientes como por ejemplo WhatsApp o YouTube.Even though Windows Phone 8 still has a lot of way to go, it's really a phone tan I can trust. It's stable, fast, fluid, and integrates all my Facebook, Outlook, Google and Twitter accounts. You have to go through the learning curve to squeeze out all it's potential. Regarding to the cell phone, I always have good signal reception, I only had to put my micro-SIM card inside (my company is Movistar, Mxico) and automatically I was having 4G and my phone line back. It's a solid phone. The quality of the photos is amazing. I love it!It wasn't a TMo branded phone, maybe thats why it wouldnt work with my SIM card and my data plan. Wifi works as it should. It is a top quality phone. Win10 OS is so simple and powerful to use. The size is perfect for my small Filipino hands.The phone stopped working 5 days after a new activation.Great phone, was pretty beat up beyond what the description lead me to believe, the box was from Asia, so setting it up for english was fun... Also the camera appears to be defective at times, takes solid white photos.Using this Nokia 925 for last 20 months. Really good phone. Battery seems running out quire fast nowadays. I recommend thisWith Nokia 925 you will get a solid body with great build quality, but not the latest and greatest specs. WP 8 is a good mobile OS, but actually still needs a lot of improvement, specially when it comes to the quality and availability of apps. It looks like there are a lot of developers trying to put a lot of apps available, but with no consideration about quality and user experience. Just to give you an example, toast notifications are a privacy issue for a lot people (cannot be disable for system apps like SMS messaging), but it is in fact a parameter that can be control at programming level for a lot of other popular apps like Whatsapp and Line but it is still a missing feature. It does not have anything to do with the OS per se, but at the end it affects the overall user experience. I have read a lot of complaints about it and there are people that are actually willing to return their WP because of this, so it is important to consider. Another interest thing is that even though you are not getting the latest and greatest hardware, WP minimalist approach to user interface feels very fluid. It is not for everyone for sure, but I like it. Android will give you a lot of options to personalize your phone, but sometimes if you don't have great hardware specs, you will get lag and hurt user experience at the end. I believe that WP is not design for people who like to change and personalize their phones a lot, just to get something functional and minimalist. Do your own research and see if it matches what you expect from a smartphone. You will find good video reviews online that will help you with your decision. As far as I'm concerned, Nokia Lumia 925 is a solid phone, with a good OS, and expecting an OS upgrade in 2014 (WP 8.1) that will bring new features to get it closer to Android or iOS functionality.Within one month of use this mobile is dead. Nokia are not providing any kind of warranty and support. The repairing cost is almost equivalent to new mobile. I have lost 317 USD in this.Got this used through an amazon seller and I was very pleased with the quality for the price. I love this phone's camera!Excellent phone! I got a 32gb special edition, i bought it for my girlfriend, she was doubting about windows phone but she loves the simplicity and built quality of a Nokia phone.It's very nice device good camera very nice screen the system is fast and responsive Put the lack of memory card is problem And the store is behind Apple and Google So I will keep my htc the primary phone and this one the secondary I hope I change my mind after the update to win 10Oh man! This phone is fast. Really fast. Im an android fan but damn lag! Couldnt stand it no more. This take a day or two getting use to. I m sticking to Windows.Excelent cell phonePurchased this new phone in November 2016. It died today 2/4/17. It won't charge or turn on. I maintained it meticulously in a case and treated it with TLC.Extremely good for Windows. EnjoyableLove this new phone. The only problem I have come across is that I found out there is an updated for it but I can't get it to download.I loved it but you might as well go for the Icon 930.Best Nokia in the market, and now with call and sms blocking features, this phone, makes any phone wish it didn't existLove my phone. Just as described.ExcelentNice phone no problems better than android and ios i will recommend this phone to anyone.Great Phone, but make sure you realize that this "International version" won't get 4G I'm loving the windows phone operating system. It's not as popular as IOS or Android, but it works great. I love that it syncs right up with MS Outlook and/or windows computers without having to go through some corky iTunes or Google program. I've tried many phones of all types, and this one has a beautiful screen, fast speeds, good reception, and sound quality, and it seems to be really durable.exelenteReplaced my 920 with this phone; wanted to share my internet and the locked 920 wouldn't allow it. I was able to share the connection with this phone with no problems. Downloaded the Spanish keyboard just in case but didn't need it. The phone updated pretty quick with no problems, and I am quite happy with it.For the past 10 years I was a HTC crazy. I had a dozen. I do not regret the change! For the firat time I see a product that had not just tech put in it, but it was carefully crafted and also very well designed. It is not perfect yet! as technology has it limitations still. The Nokia Apps gives some edge to it, and i am in love with it... Can't stop exploring... Nokia has given WP a bit of more salt. If you are not yet a WP person, just try this beauty and you will see...I don't like the new update. but I love the phoneVery hot if you use the phone. But will cool down if you are not using it. When charging, it is hot too. Cannot accept that. Returned.Excellent phone! Sad there are no good apps for it... What I needed, wasn't availabletakes good pictures/ works goodThis is not good for you I got cancer from this productUpdate: I've updated this review as of 7 April 2014 after an OS update. I was previously an Android phone user and recently decided to give the Lumia 925 a try. I don't have any complaints with the hardware as it's a really well made phone. I'm reasonably satisfied with the phone. My main issues are all related to Windows Phone OS and apps. Let me go through everything though. - Design - The phone is thin and looks really sleek. Fonts and pictures look sharp on the 768 x 1280 pixel resolution display. The display seems very close to the surface and it looks really good. Readability is good under the glaring sun. The screen is optimized for black background. When the screen is black, it blends with a black coloured phone nicely. Power button, unlike other phones, is located on the right side instead of the top, and accessible by the middle finger. You don't have to use the power button though because double tapping on the screen will wake the phone from sleep. Sound quality of the speakers is good. - Ease of use - Overall, it's a simple phone to use for calling and messaging. If your contacts are stored with Google, you'll be able to download them and store them in the phone. User interface is generally snappy. Applications open fast, and if they are slow it's because of the app design (i.e. Skype). - Camera - The camera is about 28mm wide, f2, 8MP with OIS. So it's a relatively capable for taking photos in low light. Looking at comparison photos online, the image quality seems as good or better than other brands, but as with camera phones, they all have that digital feel to them. There's a dedicated physical camera button at the bottom right side for launching the camera app and taking photos. Very convenient. You can also half-press that button to focus, and full press to shoot. If you're getting a case, get one that does not cover the camera button as you'll want to feel the half press. The issue with the camera is that it's quite slow to have the camera app launched and running. This is not a camera phone where you can shoot quickly whenever you see a picture moment, but there aren't a lot of camera phones that can do that anyway. - Apps - Availability of applications is the biggest issue to note when you're switching from other OS. Windows Phones has a smaller library compared to Android and iOS. If you need certain critical applications, you will want to research to see if there's an alternative here. For me, I just use Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Skype and a couple of photography apps. For photography apps, definitely go and download Nokia Pro Cam which gives you all the manual functions to the camera. The inbuilt music player isn't terrific but works. If you've iTunes, you have to install the Nokia software to be able to import your playlists. Search is via the inbuilt Bing search button. There's a Google Seach app available. - File storage and transfers - I'm using the Lumia on a Mac. There are Nokia softwares for photos and document transfers. As far as copying (drag and dropping) a file from the desktop to phone via the USB cable, I still cannot find any good app for that. Come on, sometimes I just want to put a Photoshop file on the phone and work on it further at home, but I can't with this phone. With iOS, you can install the many file manager apps. With Android, it's plug and play. With Windows Phone, I've nothing to say. We all work with files so there really is no reason to not have such basic functionality. For files that the phone support, e.g. photos and video that the phone takes, you can install the Nokia Windows Phone software on your computer (I'm using Mac) and you can select the files to download or upload. It's a very simple software, I wished there are ways to create folders. - Email - You can set up Gmail with the phone. However, you won't get all the Gmail features like search, archive, etc. There's an unoffcial Gmail app available for download. Windows Phone syncs Gmail every 15 minutes, but syncs their Microsoft mail instantly. This could be an issue for those who use email a lot for work, and require close to instantaneous response. - Quirks - The status bar shows only the time. You have to tap it once to show battery life, internet and phone connection. There's no (aesthetic) reason why it should not show all the statuses. With most applications, if you scroll down too far, it's not easy to scroll back up. In other phones, you typically tap the top status bar to scroll up automatically. The most irritating thing of all is the phone is not smart enough to know the orientation of photos and videos taken. There are times when I take photos with the Nokia Pro Camera app in landscape mode, the photo when viewed (phone held vertically) is upside down. Sometimes, videos taken in landscape mode, when downloaded appear in vertical mode. There's no easy way to tell the orientation that is being recorded -- just because you're shooting in landscape does not mean you're recording in landscape. If there's a good reason not to buy this phone, it's this one. There also needs to be some way to show clearly (upload bar) whenever a photo or video is being uploaded to Microsoft Skydrive. All these quirks are usability quirks that can be fixed via firmware upgrades if there are any. Microsoft has already fixed quite a few quirks since the last time I wrote this review in September 2013. - Conclusion - As I've mentioned, the hardware is great but Windows Phones as an OS certainly has a lot of room for improvement. Minor tweaks really. If you're on a budget, I would suggest Google Nexus 4. I would have gone that route if that phone can be sold and shipped to my country Singapore. Personally, I prefer Android running on phones. There are some who say it's not as user-friendly, but hey, the learning curve is extremely gentle. Price is the real consideration. I've seen phones with rather similar specifications selling for less than half the price. The premium you pay for a brand oftentimes does not translate to a significantly smarter phone. I've been using the phone for a few months now. There are no terrible crashes. It's generally smooth sailing. Battery life could be better. How much time you can get out of the battery can be erratic. You'll have to charge daily that's for sure. Hardware - 5 out of 5 stars. Windows Phone OS - 4 out of 5 stars.A step up from the iPhone 5. W8 is a much better app launcher than IOS6. Better integration, better layout, far better typography. Just much nicer all round adn looks stronger and less east to damage. No need for aftermarket cases. No need for iTunes!! Been an iPhone fan since they first came out but IOS6 was a step backwards. Battery life needs watching and a few of the regaular apps like Trains have a bit of catching up to do. But apart from that, everything feels like as good or better than the iPhone. This will do very nicely.GoodGreat phone and the one thing best about this product it costs me less than 100 dollars. I got it for my wife with the subscription from Trac Phone and the total cost was a lot less than you would pay for a phone with a plan. It can get all of the great apps that you can get on other phones and also the internet all brought to you by Verizon. Nice big screen so there is no squinting to see numbers or text. No contracts, only buy what you use.small screen but fits in hand and is not slippery. The camera provides high picture clarity.Would not recommend this phone for an adult.So far I love it. It's a very good phone and I'm glad I ordered it.My oldest son loves his phone!!Great product. Even better price. Thank youIts a decent phone. I get what I pay for a cheapBought this for sale at Officemax on Black Friday The Huawei Glory(Net10) runs on the Verizon Network and the call quality is very good and the reception I would rate as above average to good. What else I liked: The phone has Android O.S. Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4 installed and runs very smooth switching and opening up the various applications. The stock Android Browser did a great job as I browsed various mobile sites and websites. Youtube videos and streaming audio worked very good with the 3G speeds that my Glory was receiving at the time. Another positive is the solid construction of this phone. It is thicker than the Huawei Ascend 2( an older Huawei model) and you'd almost expect there to be a slide out keyboard. Some people do not like a bit bulkier phones but in this case I feel that Huawei took care for a more solid constructed phone resulting in hopefully a long phone life. For a phone of this price range the sound was surprisingly good. Loud enough but not too loud and you won't get that tinny sound you can get with some other inexpensive cell phones. Has a built in FM receiver along with an app and a widget. Up to 40 presets can be saved. What I didn't like: Camera is only 3.2 megapixels, no flash and no way to turn the shutter sound off. I'd say the camera would be adequate to use for bar code reader apps and portrait photos in reasonably well lit environments. Battery life isn't too good. Moderate use would chug through battery life. Best use would be voice calls and light data use and it may make it through a day if you're lucky. Downloading apps and streaming music blazed through battery life rapidly. Other than FM radio very disappointing as to the selection of included apps or widgets. Had the whole google suite of apps which I will not use anyway with the exception of the Google Play Store. It does have a version of Quickoffice that will only view documents-- no editing or creating. Phone doesn't come included with an sd card. Doesn't bother me as they're cheap enough to buy anyway. The Glory supports up to a 32 GB SD Card. A few more things. The SD card is in a poor location. The back cover must be removed and battery lifted from its slot to fit the card in its place across from where the battery sits. I did not use the wi-fi or bluetooth features yet. When I do use these I will return and update my review accordingly. All in all, this is a solid phone. 4 stars at the Black Friday price I paid and about 3.5 stars at regular price. If the Glory had a decent camera I would have bumped up the rating one notch.got a phone that could not be activated!!!!! tried to return but got nothing!!!!i lost $80!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is a rip off!!!!!I have had this phone about a year, with TracFone. I used it about 6 months,like it okay, but since my husband had a Verizon phone and wanted me to try a larger android phone, I joined him in Verizon family plan. That is legalized burglary! I liked the LG g2 phone from Verizon ok, but it wasn't any better than the Huawei Glory, just bigger that took up too much room in my purse, and didn't fit in my pocket very well either. So I went back to my Glory phone and TracFone. (My husband still has Verizon.) My Glory sounds as good as the LG, and for $100 per year ( I bought the 365 day 400 min. airtime with triple minutes, and put the 16gb memory card in. I use wifi, so not much data is used, but I do text. I'm happy. Just wish TracFone's customer service people had decent American language so I could understand them.I have been using the Huawei GLORY H868C for about four months now and I am totally satisfied with it. I really like that it is on the Verizon network which means it works just about everywhere. The phone can perform the same functions as any other smart phone but costs a whole lot less. After my wife saw mine, she had to have one also. I do admit that my phone is a Tracfone variety rather than a Net10 one, but the phone is a good bargain.It's a decent phone, but lacks a front-facing camera and has a very low resolution back facing camera. Runs Android 4.0 which is nice for getting in touch with all the apps the Play Store has to offer. Signing in to my apartment's wifi was also painless as the built in browser doesn't have difficulties with certificate authentication.Minus one star for the crap phone and minus another star for Net10's lack of service. $50 a month for data you cannot access and a phone that only works when it wants. The touch screen doesn't work when you touch it but will work in your pocket when you don't want it to. Then it will drop calls in the middle and sometimes re-boot itself with no warning. If it stays on for several days, it needs to be manually re-booted to function at all. Stay away from Huawei and Net10.Huawei is Chinese for a cheap piece of s***!!!our Huawei they have a nasty habit of rebootingright in the middle of a callPhone shuts down and restarts in the middle of conversations! Not good for business calls. Slow or non-working apps. Have to shut down texts due to "not responding" and/or keyboard not working. Horrible phone! My son purchased another Huawei phone for $150.00 and has the same problems. Ridiculous waste of time and money! We will NEVER purchase a Huawei product again!!I set up my phone, no problem. Then someone buys some minutes on my account then reverses the charge. Net10 shuts off my phone unless I pay for the minutes added to my phone. So I buy minutes and they reset my account to the minutes I just bought and change my phone number. I called an american number for service after arguing with Indian people about my account. So it was fixed. 2 days later my internet minutes were down to 0 from 1950 MB. I never used the internet, but it was gone. My phone must have been surfing without my knowledge.Don't buy this phone. It is a piece of ... You'll regret it.not the most reliable phone. I would say it's slow and lags quite a bit with appsDOES NOT WORK UNLESS YOU HAVE A CDMA TOWER CLOSE-BY NO SIM CARDBienPiece of crap. worked for about a month then it quit 'ringing' ( or making any kind of noise at all) and YES we checked to see if it was on silent or turned down. also will just randomly cut me off and start blinking weird stuff on the screen, going 'in and out' (no its not the server, def the phone). Says the battery is fully charged and then 20 minutes later shows battery as drained. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE!My Huawei Glory is a Tracfone. Tracfone's insufferable customer service notwithstanding, the phone is decent for the price and the low-cost service works for me. Since I'm mostly at home and work, I've used the wifi for data almost exclusively. I have learned some things about it in the 2 weeks I've been using it that are worth noting.  My SanDisk Ultra 32GB microSDHC Class 10 did not work in the phone. It was continually "unexpectedly removed" which made it useless for moving apps to it and useless with the mp3 player. I replaced it with a SanDisk 16GB microSD standard (class 4?) card and it seems to be working ok.  I have noticed that the phone needs to be rebooted after working with it (installing apps, setup, etc.) like an old Windows 98 system. I assume this is an Android thing and because the phone is low-end in terms of memory and speed. It takes about 30 seconds to reboot, so it's not a huge pain.  The camera is useless for depositing checks. While it has a higher megapixel rating than other Tracfone models (3.2), it does not make clear close up pictures suitable for mobile deposit of checks. I had to take the picture several times to get one my bank's app would accept, then the check was later rejected (with a $12 return fee). Unfortunately, this feature was one of the main reasons I wanted a smart phone in the first place.  The preinstalled apps cannot be uninstalled through the phone's system. Though there are apps and hacks that claim to be able to remove them, the dependencies among the apps make removing them more trouble than it's worth.  The default mp3 player is very limited: I've been using Rocket Player (free) with iSyncr ($3.99) to transfer music files from iTunes and it's worked great (with the standard micro SD card).  Finally I'll mention my disappointment with reminder alarms: another main reason for having a smart phone was to get alerts from my Google calendar. The alerts from the calendar apps I've found are not great - they only play the alert once, or it's not loud enough, so the reminders go unnoticed. This may be solved with more trial and error, but initially it's frustrating.When I accidentally left my phone on a park bench while on an extended vacation, I had to buy the only smartphone running Net10 I could find in a tiny town 400 miles away from my good phone. I've had Net 10 for 2 years and have NEVER had an issue with their customer service that other people have noted. Keep in mind all the customer service reps sound and act like they are in Asia so you do need to be specific and clear when talking with them. I bumped up my review from one star to two only because of how well Net10 has treated me for the last two years. Now, for this phone. This phone has been slow from the time I opened the box. Nothing loaded and it drags incessantly. There are many Google apps that I don't use and can't get rid of, but they keep trying to update and then run an error message of "not enough memory to complete this upgrade". After finally loading all my contacts that thankfully were backed up on my Google account from my good phone then the phone started running worse. I tried to download Temple Run, but had to immediately uninstall it because it bombed this phone. I can barely get the Facebook app to run. To struggle through the day this phone must be restarted at least once, maybe twice. Then it must be shut down each night before placed on the charger at bedtime. I tend to restart the phone after running every program, Facebook, email, browser. I've had the phone less than 2 months and have had to clear my browser, phone list and text list twice or it would begin freezing constantly. I've searched the web for optimization hints, but all the reviews talk about how great this phone is with the 1mHz processor. Battery life is odd. Sometimes it will make it two days before needing a charge, other times it is less. The longer I have it the worse it is getting. I do charge my phone every night regardless, so this is really a non-issue for me. To finalize, the last reason for the elevated two stars is for the cellular reception. It runs on the Verizon pre-paid network. Before buying this phone, please check the pre-paid map on Verizon's website. In my area I receive fantastic coverage, even better than what I received with my prior phone.I bought a reconditioned Huawei Glory smartphone from TracFone when I opened my account. It cost only $29, so I really can't complain. It is a good phone for the money. What I don't like about this phone - compared to an iPhone 4 (GSM, so it wouldn't work with TracFone in my area), is that it has a plastic screen. Being plastic, as compared to the glass used in iPhones, any tap or swipe is not as accurate. I get very frustrated when I tap on an icon, and either get nothing at all, or a completely different app starts up. I purchased a stylus, but it didn't do any good. It takes too much pressure to activate the touch screen. I don't like the camera, as it is a fixed-focus and will not work for depositing checks, or scanning UPC or QR codes. I do like that it is an Android, and not iOS, as I was able to easily root the phone, and I have Ubuntu Linux on my home pc, so it mates up very well when connected via USB. I read about some users having trouble with the micro SD card. I bought a Kingston card and have had no trouble at all with it. If you have trouble with your SD card, I recommend removing it from the phone, plugging it into a micro SD to USB converter and accessing it from a Linux pc. There you can reformat the card to create several partitions, and, using the proper apps, will allow you to extend the amount of storage for both apps and data. If I had paid a lot more for this phone, I would be very unhappy. But considering that I paid only $29 for it, I am happy. My next phone will still be an Android, but it will have a glass screen.Purchased mine through TracFone. Comes with triple minutes for life. For the price, that alone makes it worth it. However, for me, the selling point was the built-in FM radio, and it sounds terrible. I mean, it gets great reception, but the sound is awfully distorted. It's as if the EQ is turned all the way up, and there's no EQ anywhere in the phone or the app to correct the problem. All the other apps sound fine (Pandora, Google Play Music, Netflix, making telephone calls). I've Googled the problem in the hopes of finding a solution but I've found nothing that doesn't revolve around messing with ROMs and Kernels, and that's way over my head. Maybe my phone is the one-in-a-million that sneaked past QC, but it's not worth my time or effort to send it in for repair. The problem isn't a deal breaker. I still think it's a great phone overall even though the radio totally blows. EDIT: The radio did eventually pss me off enough to return it. I just received the replacement today and it sound horrible, too.I bought this phone from Walmart on Tracfone service for 100 dollars. It is terrible. I could get a much better phone for that price. It is very slow. It has a single core processor, and 300mb of ram. That is terrible specifications for android to run off of. It says 2gb of space, what they mean is that there is 2gb of space for music, photos, etc. But, there is only about 450mb of space for apps, so you can have about 3 apps. I couldn't even trust it to make a call anymore, that is how slow it got. The lock screen even lags. I switched to a flip phone, and it is a lot better than this piece of junk. I recommend using an unlocked major brand phone like Samsung or LG, if you want a smart phone on net10 or tracfone service.I am a senior and this is my first smartphone. I've been learning how to use this phone for over two months now and find myself like a kid gazing at the phone in my hand for many moments on end. The voice quality is better than my old phones and the Verizon network is good, though there is a big coverage hole west of my home. This is a triple minutes phone, meaning I buy 600 minutes for $40 and texts and data are included in separate additional buckets. Lasts me for 2 months or more, so $20/mo or less. The value is good but the phone has some problems. 1) Most frequent aggravation is keyboarding. Keying texts or contacts or anything takes longer than it should due to small keys and erratic touch screen. Turning phone on its side makes the keyboard bigger, but is still a problem. 2) Have been unable to get Bluetooth to work. Won't pair with my existing Jabil speaker or connect with my Mac. 3) Unable to transfer photos to Mac with either Iphoto, Image Capture, or an application called Android File Transfer. The last two wouldn't even see the phone when it was wired to the Mac. Battery life is not strong and some apps like GPS draw power rapidly. I bought a car charger to help when using the phone on long drives. I do like some of the new capabilities but cannot recommend the phone due to the problems above.I didn't buy this item from Amazon; I bought it from Walmart simply because I didn't want the hassle of returning the item if defective. The clerk told me I could return it for any reason within the first two weeks. My previous tracfone was little more than a couple of tin cans connected by string. It was that basic. I am the last hold out to go Android. I had a gift card, and Walmart had a good price. I selected this one, because I wanted a Sansa MP3, but I didn't want to spend the money. I wanted a phone that got good reception, and an MP3. The reception on my old $9.99 phone was horrible. The audio on this is pretty decent. Can't complain, and the music on the MP3 sounds good. A reviewer wrote that if you're just coming up from a cheapie phone, this one has a steep learning curve. I agree. I spent an entire hour trying to load my contacts. I almost cried. Do yourself a favor, download the manual online. Once I read the manual, voila! Instant pro. I agree that the micro SD is in an inconvenient place, but once I loaded mine, I opened the phone and there was all my music! I didn't have to do anything. I couldn't find the little covers for the screen, so I bought a screen cover for an Android 4 at Walgreens. With a little trim, I was set. Ordered the lime green phone sleeve from Amazon. About tracfone customer service, I think they get a bad rep from people who don't like that they are in India, etc. My CS rep, Clinton, was wonderful. Because I lost my other phone and he was having trouble with a slow computer, we were unable to find out how many minutes I had left, nor could he put me on the monthly plan. Very apologetic. He gave me 180 minutes to start off with and transferred my old phone #. No biggie. I may just buy airtime cards at Walmart. With triple minutes, 180 minutes/month is more than I had before, and more than I need now. Camara is fair. But again, if you want to do the fancy stuff, get a real camara. I'm a photographer myself, and my old phone would take great closeups if you were patient and made sure to get good light. First photo was a selfie---it's a phone, not a miracle worker. Second was some clouds. Happy to see you can get a closeup by spreading your fingers across the screen. Overall, if you want something a little better than a basic cheapie $9 phone, this one won't break the bank. I don't text, but I sent my very first text and even emailed myself. It was easy. I know, I'm pathetic, but in the past, I have refuse to be ruled by a gadget. In this case, however, for the first time, I will care to know where my phone is and it will go everywhere that I go. I don't think that I will be texting or checking email when dining with friends (my pet peeve). If you want to do fancy things with it like office, get on a laptop.I love my phone, I don't do all the stuff the kids do, I wanted a phone I can play with, and get triple mins. It uses way too much of the of the Data stuff, but I just got it hooked up to my WiFi. It's taken a friend and I a little while to get it figured out, but we did! It took my friend awhile to get the app. set up for me on my phone so I can now check my remaining mins and data. Here is the user guide link http://img-tf.deviceanywhere.com//tracfone/pub/77484/docs/868C%20ENG.pdf Here is the link to the Tutorial from Tracfone. I am really happy with my phone especially since I got the WiFi working on it.I purchased the Glory and used it for between 1 and 2 weeks just to try it out but didn't activate it. Its basic functions as an android device and communicating over wifi were fine. It seemed attractive and well made for a $100 device. Then I became interested in the ZTE Valet and bought one of those too. At someone's suggestion I installed an app called Quick System Info Pro on both phones. I'm no expert but this app seemed to indicate that the ZTE manages its memory much better - lots more available space in just about every category. Plus the ZTE was $20 less at BestBuy. I think the Glory is a little better made and operates a bit more smoothly, but the $20 and the memory factor swung it for me, I returned the Glory - but I don't think you'd be disappointed with it. BTW the Glory has an FM radio, which would be nice, but the Valet has a flash for its camera (which can be used as a flashlight); this seems to me to be a much more useful feature.I bought this as my first smart phone, and I'm really wishing I'd spent some extra money on a phone that was worth my time. Every day I struggle with this piece of crap. It's slow, unresponsive, it constantly freezes on me. It closes apps at random. Most frustratingly, it keeps opening up the "recent apps" list in the middle of everything else I'm trying to do. I'll close the list and immediately it'll pop back up, and it'll do this until I get mad and restart the phone. The battery sometimes is good for a day or two, and sometimes the battery will be drained in a matter of a few hours, even if I haven't used it all day. Also, it doesn't come with a SD card. You have to buy it separately. The phone comes pre-loaded with a bunch of apps and features you really can't disable if you want to use it for anything other than a paper-weight, so if you like to play games or put music on it, you'll need to buy a SD card. In short: don't waste your time or money on this thing. It's just an expensive paper weight.This isn't the greatest phone in the world, but the price and for the intended use, it's fine. If you want do use it for internet surfing or games, don't buy it. If you want. Good phone for limited texting, GPS and a phone backup that won't break the bank, it' s great. Also, I've used the tech support several times and I think they were very good.Ordered 2 of these phones. They are in good condition, they came with chargers, and batteries, overall pleased with items.Just throw your money directly in the trash. It's far less frustrating. I have wanted to kill this phone since day 1. It has a mind of its own and it is always in full retard mode.FOR BE IT WORKS GREAT. $ 7.00 A MOUTH TRACFONE 3X EVERY THING. DO NOT BUY NET 10. WAL-MART ACTIVATED AND MOVED DATE MIN S FROM OLD TRACFONE TO NEW. .Please stay away from this phone. The voice quality is horrible and Tracfone Net10 are useless to help you if you have a problem.This one was purchased for my daughter, but I have the same phone that I bought at Radio Shack in December 2013. I'm now on my third one as the first had terrible call quality. The second one lasted until October. It has always had an issue of randomly rebooting itself, freeze up, and sometimes was difficult to get it to turn on. Finally had a day where it just wouldn't turn on no matter what I did, even after swapping out the battery with my daughter's. Glad I bought the protection plan. The latest one seems to be the best of the three at this point. My daughter's phone has not seemed to have the issues mine have had, thankfully.Product would be wonderful if it did not fall short of its intended use. The call quality is abysmal. The call volume is too low. In order to use this device to make a call, you must either put it on speaker and press the extra volume button or always have it attached to a Bluetooth headset that has its own volume control. The display is amazing it is clear and big enough that you do not feel like you are missing anything-content wise on the screen. Not a fan of Android Jelly Bean OS as FoxFi Wi-Fi Hotspot does not work on here (Bluetooth works fine but only allows one device at a time to be connected and you cannot use Bluetooth headset while using this as hotspot. This phone does not have native Hotspot tethering. This may be due to the custom cell broadcast version that sprint as placed in this OS to intercept the broadcast of FoxFi or any app that request to tether as sprint wants you to not only pay for your data but also pay for how you use your data effectively charging you twice. Overall, I would avoid Samsungs newer products unless they can be rooted as what is the point of a locked down phone with poor call quality.Was my first phone lasted me 3 years. Survived thousands of drops with no cracked screen. It met its end when my nephew played with it in the bathroom sink.I thought i was going to get a used phone but when it came it was brand new in the box; when you re-activate a phone on that has already been used on boost you have to pay a $10 fee, I was prepared to pay that fee and I was very suprised when I got the phone and it was brand new in the box! I defiantly recommend this phone to everyone!!! I LOVE this phone, best phone i've ever had. BETTER THAN THE IPHONE I HAD!!!!!!Purchased 2 of these phones 1 for myself to replace a Trac Fone and another for my younger brother, both phones had other cell phone numbers ported over within 2 days this was the only good thing. Then we took my brothers phone to Subaru to have it connected with BlueTooth well the Subaru was 2012 model and this phone was not compatible - STRIKE 1, Then I tried to connect my phone to a MultiPoint Speakerphone from BlueTooth again not compatible the only BlueTooth this phone recognizes is SPH-M840 - STRIKE 2, To top it off the contents in the box were incorrect there was no car charger included and the phone was not made in America as indicated but instead it was made in China - STRIKE 3, Someone needs to update the Activation Guide, Re-Boost & Important info booklet - Under step 2 Get Activated go to Boostmobile.com/activate according to this website address it said you could not transfer your number online so I called the number listed 1-877-TLK-More turns out this number is no longer in svc you are directed to 888-211-4727 this number is Sprint and it was there I was told because I did not purchase the phone directly from them they could not help me. These phones are supposed to be brand new in a sealed box - just how old are these Samsung Galaxy Prevail II (Boost Mobile) cell phones that Blue Tooth is not compatible?El artculo lleg muy araadoMy husband bought me this phone since our son broke my Galaxy Rush. I love it! Crisp, clean screen quality. Camera is only 5MP, but that's ok with me. My pictures look pretty sharp. I'm not a technology crazy zombie, but I do want something of great quality. I have small hands and this fits right in one palm. The S3 was just too big in my hands. I love it. Just can't say that enough. I also really like the white. It's a first for me, very attractive phone.This phone cost 70+ dollarsand came with a water spot on the screen. It also decides not to work when it wants to. It rarely takes a change. My daughter really dislikes that bc she has been wanting this phone, and all it has been is trouble. Ugh.Actually, I felt cheated with advertising, besides the mobil is flawed, buy that would travel to USA in a few days but the mobile does not work, put the battery to charge for the recommended time, and is still with failure, hope you can give me some kind of solution, but debi take into account that economic ... so I find ways to get in touch with the seller so I hope you can help me AMAZON.COM.mala experiencia, no poseia desbloqueo internacionalBest phone I ever had too bad they didn't take the functions over to the next models it did support a 64 GB sd cardnothing but problems. turns off by itself, the battery life sucks, and it just wasn't a good purchase. i want to send it back today. tried to give it a chance but it's no good.niceBought this for my son as his other phone was going out. Really likes the extra features his other phone didn't provide.I am pleased with my Prevail II; great improvement from prior the Kyocera I had. I did purchased a micro 32gb scan disk for additional space.i love samsungs and this phone is a decent phone great for a first time android user, or younger teen first phone not hard to use at all but sometimes the person on the other end of the phone has a hard time hearing me cuts in and out im not sure if its the phone or my serviceit broke had to send it back. But I did like it while I had it.XhdhdbcThis was my first time purchasing a phone online and for one I was scared buying a used one instead of brand new but it came in a week and works perfectly fine isnt even scratched brand neww!!!!Love itMy son seems to enjoy this phone and taking pictures.Great starter smartphone.Got this for my aunt she loved itI've ordered this product in December, 2013 and this is March 11, 2014. I didn't open it until January to use it and it started having problems in February. I cannot return it because of 30 day expiration. I feel like it was a refurbished phone, not a new one so I have lost my money on this product.presentI am so disappointed with this phone i just received today, it does not turn on was charged for more than one hour and does not turn on at all and it is super scratched..its scratched all over, I can't believe i spent my money on this crap!! I exceed my money back and will return the stupid phone!!This phone is just what I was looking for. It has all the functions of a much higher priced phone and works just as good.I love this phone! Its versatile, clear and the perfect size. I love the fact that I can pick up WiFI almost anywhere.Great condition, i love this phone.good product and carethis is amazinggot it on time and great phone.thanks.now waiting for my cover case for the phone. thanks great job sincerely helenlikes itthanksBought this phone as an upgrade from the Kyocera Hydro for my 12 year old. Great phone for a tween girl.I have enjoyed this Cellphone . It is dependable and it is kinda quick . It was purchased a couple of Months ago .Its great but the storage goes fast ;-; i started to have to delete everything and it would still be full ><Strted freezing really bad after about 3 months.Its not my Samsung Galaxy S 3 that I had.But I have had it over a week now and it is everything I need in a phone. I ordered it one day and got it the next day. I loved that option. The price was great.excelenteThis is my first smartphone and i love it,also 1.4 processor WORKS FAST ENOUGH for me......like i said it is a great phone for me....I love my new phone, it was affordable and came two or three days earlier. When I get ready to purchase a new phone, this is were I am purchasing it from.exelente productoen U.S. is, not served me!We are still pleased with the phone after having it one year. The only downfall is storage/memory which makes the phone slower. We suggest getting a memory card or upgraded phone. Other than that, very good phone.My son loves his new phone. He hasn't put it down since he got it. Hopefully it lasts longer than his last phone.excellent. Though I wish I had done more research on the model and gone with a different one. This will do for now though. Thanks.The phone was exactly what I expected and more. I really am happy I got this phone. It is a nice phone and it really exceded my expectations. I highly recommend this phone. I ordered a refurbished one and It is like it is brand new.very goodafter only a few months of having this phone, the battery life decreases rapidly even when the phone is powered down, the screen freezes up, and the calibration sucks.Great just need more memoryNo goodMy grand son loved the phone. He knew exactly how to connect to Boost Mobile and was able to keep his old phone number.works amazingvery much to my liking and expectationsthe phone is flawless works great with my boost mobile highly recommend doing business with you again.EXCELENTThe first one I orded automatically restarted by itself. The one I exchange with you guys was much better. Please consider trying out your phones first.Bought the phone for my daughter.... Recvd the phone on time, and very happy with the product.... Will be ordering again ....This phone is ok. Alot of times I have alot of problems with the sensetivity of the screen. I lose alot of calls behind this.So soCan not get the phone unlocked ! Nice phone but I can't use I guess if I was about to use it I would like the phoneokDelivered when stated, in packaging, brand new and so far, performance is good. Have only owned this product for less than a couple of weeks.Sometimes the sound is staticky instead of the tone selected. Other then that it's an okay phone. I would get a different phone next time.Every now and than (more) it turns it self off. I think it trys to do to much stuff and just shuts down or something.everything that I would want in a phone. I had an older version and even purchased the Tablet awesome device.necesito por favor el traking de este producto al correo estarlin345@hotmail.com todo lo demas excelenteGreat phone!Hi, i need contact the seller, please! This product does not meet expectations, give me your email.This was a brand new phone but it acts up a lot cuts off, changes screens sometimes, etc... but it is what it isLove it!!!Purchased this phone for my girl for a back up phone, has a lot of good features. She likes it so I Love it..Works perfectly easy to useI love this phone it does have problems with it acting up, but over all its a great phone :)Fast delivery. Works great.Phone is failing. Big noise from speaker when you're talking.so did not meet my spectationsGot my phone today n stop working two hrs lataI received my phone about a month ago but didn't activate it until two weeks later because I kept forgetting to go and switch my number to my new phone however now that I did don't see why I didn't do it sooner love the phone and everything about it ,it's fast , easy to use, and has alot of little extras that my old phone didn't have so thats why I say so far so good.I was only disappointed with how soon I had problems with the product I had ordered.Device stopped working 3 days after receivingNOWell little problem with the speaker but other than that its goodWorks greatOverall good, but didnt fit in one corner of the phone, other than that it looks nice on the phone.teenager likes itNot so badWay too scratched up. Been dropped a hundred times I'm sending it backGreat productIve had truble with it shutting off randomly since i got it ! But other than that its an okay phone.Me falto un una compra en el envio que ya llego al destino! que podria hacer por el paquete faltante?no sirve para venezuelaaaaaaaaaaaa x que es de lineaaaaaaIt was a good phone for the first 2 months. But now it turnd off at least 10 times a dayon Iits ownphone makes a repetitive beep when dialing certain numbers.....volume on phone is not the bestIdk how u use a ad card in this damn phone plz helpNiceMy daughter loves it100% recomemdadosThis has been giving trouble from the beginning. I gave it as a gift and I am disappointed. It froze all the time, the sd card is pointless and needs a reboot every week.Excellentbut no is unlocked :(I love it.I purchased this phone with a gift certificate and bought it "refurbished". The phone did not come with important numbers on it so that it could be transferred to a personal Boost Mobile account. Being low tech, this was my first smart phone, and not having required numbers contained inside the phone (behind the battery as instructed) was not a good experience. Additionally, the phone was dirty and dusty, which makes me wonder how well it was refurbished.This phone does not has a Sim Card.This was a good choice I made!!!I love my new phoneExcelent!i choose the i love it cause the product work good and i will refer this product to my whole family, friend, and co workersThe phone is very nice and has lots of nice features. It's smaller than the phones I'm used to, but for the price it's a really good deal.Its a great phone, many as well as myself mistake it for the Galaxy s4 mini all the time. The phone has yet to freeze and in perfect condition after having it for a year, and I can still say I'm in love with it. One of the best feature to me it the front camera, the resolution on front and back if phenomenal ! It's definitely great for the kids if not wanting to buy and expensive Galaxy.I love the phone. They ahad the best price and he got here quick. When you activate you still have the option for insurance through boost mobile.Lame, I knew it was use but it was in a really bad conditions. The description specified that it was scratch, and it was, but that is not the proble. The speaker was bad, it keeps shuting down, the settings keep changing by it self, It looks like if the system is corrupt. It was worse than spected and it had more issues that were not specified in the description.My son really loves his phone. The battery doesn't hold charge for too long...may just need a new one but great priceI love this phone it does all that I need it to and MORE. I bought the galaxy ring from virgin mobile and sent it back because it would freeze and lock. This phone is by far the coolest smart phone I've had, and the speed, storage, and camera are equally awesome. You definitely should buy this phone.1, when I ordered the phone I got a email saying he would have to charge an extra $20 or wait a month to ship it because he bought an extra month service due to not thinking it would get bought so fast. 2, the description said it was like new with no scratches, but when I got it there was a ding on the side and the screen has light but very noticeable scratches. 3, description said otter box was included but he "forgot" to mail it and due to the mishap he could keep service on it until the 16th so only 16 days and I agreed but haven't heard back and still no service. 4, description said the phone came with same charger as when bought but the wallport was for an iPhone or iPad 5, phone is somewhat slowNo goodGranted, I've only had the phone for less than 24 hours. The phone is exactly as listed and the shipping was extremely fast. I upgraded my boost service to this phone from a Kyocera Hydro (the orginal) and it was very easy and quick!I just received my phone and I like it alot. Its fast and pretty and reminds me of the galaxy s3Cuts off consistently. Wish I would have purchased something different. Feel like they sold me a faulty phone was not refurbished like posted.The phone is used it be freezeing up and the screen be going black its no good and the crazy part about it the phone was suppose to be NEW... What a experience not goodAdd lied and phone doesnt even work, wasted $100+ phone shuts off Internet glitches when on wifi and camera shutter sound isn't able to be disabled or even lowered for that matterReceived phone today . Works great . But I paid extra to receive the phone in excellent condition and with a charger included. The phone is not in excellent condition , it has multiple scratches and I never got a charger.I HATE IT. I CHOOSE THIS MOTIVATED TO THE NOTICE OF THE PHONE ON AMAZON IN NO SIDE DESCRIBE THE PHONE IS CDMA TECHNOLOGY AND THEREFORE HERE IN VENEZUELA BECAUSE I CAN NOT USE ANY PHONE COMPANY THAT WORKS WITH TECHNOLOGY QUALIFICATION. SO I LOST MY MONEY AND PHONE NO USE FOR POWER IN VENEZUELA HERE, BUT THAT WOULD NOT RETURN GUARANTEE ME MY MONEY BACK. (LO ODIO. LO ELIJO CON ESTA CALIFICACIN MOTIVADO A QUE EL ANUNCIO DEL TELFONO EN AMAZON EN NINGN LADO DESCRIBE QUE EL TELFONO ES TECNOLOGA CDMA Y POR LO TANTO AQU EN VENEZUELA NO LO PUEDO USAR PORQUE NINGUNA COMPAA DE TELFONO TRABAJA CON ESA TECNOLOGA. POR LO TANTO PERD MI DINERO Y EL TELFONO POR NO PODER USARLO AQU EN VENEZUELA, QUISIERA DEVOLVERLO PERO ESO NO ME GARANTIZA LA DEVOLUCIN DE MI DINERO).It is a great phone but i don't know why it keep turn off by itself . I don't think I will get it againI am actually considering returning the phone I purchased. It does not meer my expectations. Sometimes the screen does not respond to touch and the speaker makes a fuzzy sound sometime.I have been a Boost Mobile customer for many years and I am a satisfied customer..this purchase was a up grade. I LOVE IT!!I love my new phone thanx Amazon!!!! I haven't used all my capabilities with it but it sure beats my other phoneKeeps freezing. S*** is ridiculous but it's all I have now so I guess it's whatever. Please check your product next time.goodThis phone is horrible DO NOT BUY! SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! I so wish I could get my money back, even my 8 year old doesn't want this hunk of crap.This is the worse phone I have ever purchased in my life. I have had the phone for over 6 months and if I could return it to get my money back or exchange it for something else I would do it in a heartbeat. The sound quality is bad. The phone shuts off on its own. The battery isn't worth two dead flies. It stopped reading my memory card, so I can't play any of my music or save photos to the SD card. When I tell you to run away from this thing I mean it. Don't put yourself through the irritation that is this phone. ANYTHING is better than this.This phone doesn't have good service like the Samsung galaxy s 2 I hadThis phone sucks,its used ,but the screen goes black a lot.excelentCame as described! Saved $70 not buying newPhone worked fine for about 3wks...until it went haywire on me...I can't even master reset the phone without...pop ups saying that android has stopped for sum of reasonvery googReally good phone my gf loves itIt finemuy buen celi buy this for my mom and the phone is giving a lot of problem and a i hate that because its just a month now and it freezing on her shes complaining! i don't think i'm buying any more phone from hear i feel safe buying from the storesGood evening, I bought a Samsung Galaxy prevail 2 two weeks ago, unfortunately it doesn't work here(because of the signal) and ask you for the possibility to change it for another one (maybe with similar characteristics). As I already paid this phone I'm thinking of giving it as part of the payment of the new smartphone. Thanks...I bought this without researching. b/c I wanted a white phone.... seriously..... I had the moto g before and it was way cooler There is only 2mb of memory on my cool white phone. I had the lg venice for almost a year before and I wish I had not bought this when the others are cheaper and better! the moto g was great but sluppery with the shell. it cracked on the concrete. vanity left me in vain.please throw this cell phone in trash all of them worthless phone ever madeThe phone is pretty great for the price. It is just about your average smartphone, would probably give it five stars, but there have been some weird sound defects that happen occasionally. Other than that the product does its job efficiently. Good purchase, I would recommend to anyone buying a boost mobile phone.I like this phone but planning on returning it. I have boost mobile service and with this phone the service sucks in my house.No. I thought I was ordering a Galaxy II. And when my son saw the cell phone. He did not want it.ITEM WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED IT HAD MORE SCRATCHES THAN WHAT SAID THEN WHEN I RECEIVE THE PHONE IT WORK.Great phone! I recommend it to anyone. I am not a high tech person and this phone is very user friendly!I got my phone today very good phone has nice cameras works pretty good 180 dollars it is worth itThis is the worst phone ever do not buy. Samsung should be ashamed and will do more research before buying a new phone.It keeps turning off on me. I don't know if its me or the phone. Also it gets scratchy or fuzzy. Can I send it back for a new one please! !I bought this phone for my 13 yr old son and he loves it. It has everything he wanted on a smartphone with out the high price.Looks nice, but has very poor signal, battert dont last long like how it "says". -Battery life is so poor-.. internet is bad!.. IT FREEZES ALOT.. ITS SO SAD TO SAY THAT MY KYCORE HYDRO WORKED BETTER THAN THIS JUNK!I just received my new phone today but so far it is GREAT! Big enough screen, has not frozen once and that is something new to me, and has great video and camera!!!i am really annoying because the cell phone that you send me do not use SIM card and i live in DR and here this cell phone i can not use it.Every time i call someone i cant hear them! They assume to be able to hear me. (They let me know via text, THAT actually works.) This phone is crap! Worst phone ive owned! Can i send this in for a FULL refund?!I have been only taking this supplement for two months. What I can say it's that my skin does not have bad break outs any more and my lashes and eye brows are fuller. But that's it I haven't noticed a difference in my hair yet. We will see. only time will tell.This is a great phone, except for the audio quality. When talking, the audio quality is horrible. Every thing else about the phone is fine.I'm in love with this phone. I can't find anything wrong with it. In my opinion its better than my kyocera hydro edge. I'm not a fan of kyocero phone set up. I like Samsung a whole lot better. The plus is this has front camera and my kyocera didn't.. Its great for taking your own picture or with a friend. This phone has everything you want with a phone but not big price for it. If your looking for a nice phone but don't want to spend a lot money for it. I would get this phone! One con it doesn't come with a lot memory so I would bigger size memory card. If you take a lot pics like I do and download a lot of appsI've used this phone since 2014 and for a basic phone its good. There is not a lot of room for apps plus since its only Android 4 it does not allow for newer apps. Calls are clear and Blutooth works well. I've had the same battery for the duration and no problems there either. The camera is ok but its not great. I've dropped this phone several times and other than scratches on the screen and body its still running. If you need a decent everyday Android phone this could work but if you need all the new apps and a decent camera look elsewhere.Worst phone ever. The day after I bought it at best buy, it started making this frying sound and I couldn't understand what anyone was saying. I bought a bluetooth set and it works great gor calls. Now, 3 months later, it shuts off randomly, I can't install anything, and it doesn't get texts.This is the best smartphone for me not gonna try it for nothing at all please buy this one if you can't buy one for around $300 or 400 or higher I have rooted my phone this one but I am soooooooo much happy I got out all the ad's & other stuff it came with I got the worlds fastest web browser on it & it is blazing faster I love my samsung galaxy previal 2 way better then any kyocera phones they suck on 4.0 ice creaam sandwich ics software updated no promblems on mines I pay $35 on mines I got mines for $40 & they costs $100 something brand new at any boost mobile stories & I have Unlimited everything Talking Texting & 3G Internet fast 3G without any problems sometimesThis is literally the worst phone I've ever had in my life. I wouldn't buy this piece of garbage again for $5 with the multitude of problems it comes with. It basically started breaking itself down after a few months of me having it and only got progressively worse until it was virtually unusable. Samsung shouldn't have released this model. It is so horrifically buggy and over-all terrible that it feels like they actually programmed it to start destroying itself so you'd have to buy a new one.Peeeeee Uuuuuuuu !!!!!!. I had one and my daughter had one. Steer clear of this thing. Avoid it like a smelly sulfur mine.I purchased the Samsung Prevail 2 mid August 2013. Expected a "less expensive" alternative to high end. I was moving from a Net10 ZTE Merit. I suppose most anything is a move up from there. The Prevail 2 works for me - carries lots of tunes (with an SD card,) room to add the basic apps I want (Radio tuner, facebook, etc.) I don't do games or much texting, etc. Prevail 2 had what I wanted. Perfect set up for a reasonable price. Got it with Boost Mobile so no contract. That was a must. As I have seen mentioned in a few reviews, it seems to stop and reboot randomly. Must be a Microsoft designer behind it somewhere. Two months in, I'm satisfied for what I wantedGoodnight the following claim of the purchase, is to let them know that I disagree with the article, does not meet the description and says that at no time be tegnologia cdma and gsm in my country is used. chip for that reason I used is unusable. hope solution on request.The phone was offered at a good price. The audio is a little distorted when receiving calls. Over all the phone functions good.it was a gift so I don't have too much of an opinion.Love the phone does all I needI bought this phone a few months ago. It was a great phone when I very first got it. After a while, it stalls. It also logs you out when going on websites (even as easy as checking your email or going on Facebook). The touch screen chooses when to be "touchy" or not which is somewhat strange. However, this phone does have a few good things about it too. It's a great size (if you don't mind it being a little bulky). The camera is pretty good quality. Voice talk texting is wonderful! The internet moves at a prety good speed (when it's not stalling or logging you out). The battery life is pretty good. Charging the battery is fast because it doesn't take hours to charge up to 100%. Overall, it's a pretty decent phone. This phone costed me $179 and I'm pretty happy about my purchase.This phone is great I love it you can do so much more with it than you could with the freaking Samsung galaxy prevail piece of s*** phone. This phone I can get better service with it than I did with the freaking Samsung galaxy prevail.I wish I never bought this item. Did not realize it was Boost Mobile. I have no service what so ever where I live. I thought I was buying an At&t phone to continue the service I had with the to go plan that I have serviced for years. I spend most of my time at work and at home and both places I have no service. What good is a phone that has no service but in town. I rarely spend any time in town. have most of my 5 GB left for not being able to download many apps and music nor pictures for low storage space. I have not been able to receive pictures the past two days even though it showed I was it never downloaded. If there is anything you can do about this phone please contact me by email I will not be putting anymore money into the Samsung! cdntburrell@yahoo.comSometimes turns off when I didn't even press the power button. Um wtf? And sometimes the camera doesn't even work. Lmao switching phone and company when I get a job.when i saw the advertised about the . phone on the amazon page it says the packet include the phone, the charger and the hands free.but when i got the package and i opened it was only the phone and the charger, the hands free was not in.The phone was working amazing for about two weeks before it started crashing daily, not letting me open links and not connecting to the 3g. Even after I factory reset my phone, it was fast again for about two weeks before it started having similar problems as before. If it was the price of a flip phone then it would have been worth the purchase.It was okay for a while but lately my phone is doing some weird stuff. Not only does it kick me out of apps that aren't running but the background sometimes goes black and i have to restart my phone.GoodFreezes, dies, beeps when no message, doesnt beep when there is a message, terrible reception, bad camera, boost says just take battery out and put back inI love this phone it is very good with games and it resembles the mini s3I would like someone to tell me if I can use this phone in Venezuela or can only purchase for use in united statesgoodyes its a nice phone love itexcelenteverry goodThis is an OK starter smart phone. Without spending too much cash you can see what features Samsung has. When I first bought the phone a few months ago, I was using it for everything. From email, facebook, watching videos... It was not long before it froze up. Had to completely reset it to factory settings (lost everything I downloaded). Now the memory keeps filling up, not sure why? I can start the day with 500MB of the 2GB used. And somehow without downloading anything, 1.9GB of the memory is full. I cleared the cache on every app and program and it does not make a dent. Checking the forums, this is an issue with this phone. Even deleting the 5 small apps I downloaded will not free up the memory. The only option is to reset the phone to factory settings. Had to do this 3 times in the last 2 months. I reset to factory settings last week and the memory is full again. I have only downloaded 5 apps, under 200MB's in total. Boost Mobile support will just tell me to reset it again. Very frustrating!as pre-payment not served in VenezuelaLove it!!I like yourThis a small phone and not what my son wanted. It works well for basic usage but not much else. The download speeds leave something to be desired. The battery life tho seems to hold up great. We did have to replace the original charger soon after purchase as it just quit workng. Then about 2 months after buying the phone just shut off and would not come back on. We took the battery out for 24hrs then rebooted it. After that it is working fine. If you are looking for a basic usage phone then this it. Just don't expect much out of it. The company tho is very helpful when there is an issue. I will use the company again but will not purchase this phone.Rarely do i regret what i purchase. I did like the phone, but had to keep it on Bluetooth most times because the speaker wasn't good at all from the first day. Changing the volume didn't work. Using the Bluetooth turned out to be my downfall. I got in a habit of leaving it somewhere close charging while on the Bluetooth & it was stolen from my car. It never failed on me, however, and all the apps worked fine.This phone does not work at my job. I was trying to call my daughter from work and it went dead...I mean no connection at all...so I just had it disconnected. I have internet at home WiFi and this phone will let you get online and search on it too without any issues but I still say I waisted my money on this phone.At the 10 month mark it started taking pictures on it's own. It just starts snapping pictures with the loud shutter sound. It's very embarrassing when out in public. It was a very good phone before that except for the usual Android slow down after adding apps. I never had an iphone that slowed down; maybe I'll go back.LOVE ORDERING FROM AMAZON SO FAR I HAVE ALWAYS GOTTON JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR ,PLUS WHAT I ORDERED WAS MORE THAN WHAT I EXPECTED GREAT PLACE TO ORDER SO FAR I TRUST PURCHASING FROM THEM, LOOKING FORWARD TO PURCHASING MORE ITEM AND THING THAT I MY HAVING TROUBLE FINDING ELSE WHERE. MY GRAND SON WAS VERY PLEASE WITH HIS PHONE IT WAS JUST AS GOOD AS WHEN WE PURCHASED THE SAME PHONE, AS THE NEW ONEI got this for my son, whose old phone gave up the ghost. He likes it a lot and says it gets good reception, is relatively fast, and fits in his pocket. It seems to be a very good buy, since the price was very reasonable.Came fast and was in good condition but did not like the fact that it said on the package the ESN might not be clean because it didn't say anything about that in the description at all ....But everything works fineThis is better than the Prevail 1 which was the first phone my wife got with boost after giving up her blackberry. It's basically a smaller version of the Galaxy S2. Loads of features and excellent price. Best Android phone for $99 (no contract) on any network.works very wellbuenoyou do not need the latest ang greatest phone. This phone is just as good as any expensive other one on the market. I got a great price. Very happy with it. we all don"t need an Ipone 6.As describedI should take this device to a repair shop because when I tried to turn it on, it got stuck in the sumsung starting screen. Next time please, double check your items before to sell them.There are so many negative reviews on this phone and I honestly don't know why. Its a good phone, has a pretty big screen. Lots of space. It does lag sometimes, but its usually just at the end of the month when you need to reboost (add money). I would recommend.Buy this for a client, so far no complaints, everything is perfect and running at full capacity 100% recommended for anyone looking to buy from this seller Thank you for your good pruduct.excellent product met all my needs and expectations .. therefore congratulate and wish sontinuen offering such high quality products ...Worked fine out of the box and for the first month or so but started to hear echos and the phone itself would spaz out and not let you answer a call that was clearly showing up. It's not a horrible phone but for the price I'm very disappointed in Samsung for putting this out there. We switched it out with an SIII.There is no words that discribs this wonderful seller and thus winderful devicet there both so great on tine shipping device works like discribed for me there were No worriesThe cellphone is very good for the price. I bought for my boyfriend and he loved. For this price is a very good deal, I recommend.Nice little smaller than expected, other than that great phone, great price, new in original box, lil disappointed.......in the size.I purchased this item used for $99 (priced at $180 on Boost website) from Chicago Gadgets. The item was delivered a day before the set delivery date. The item was packed really well. Even though, this item was previously used, I can see no signs of wear. No scratches, nicks, scrapes or cracks. Prior to this phone I was using a Galaxy Rush for Boost and it was a great little phone I purchased brand new for $100. This was a definite upgrade for the same price and well worth the money. If I look to upgrade my device again, I will look to Amazon and Chicago Gadgets for another used device. I'm very pleased.Nice phone. Brand new. Boost prepaid saved me more than half my "other network" contract for the same service. Package arrived on time!I enjoy this the Prevail II better than the Prevail. However, I had one encounter where it overheated and stick. After that one incident, I didn't experience that issue again. After all, everything in life, including technology will have its pros and cons. Can't win it all! Overall, it's a great phone.This phone is locked to Boost. It does EVERYTHING. It was purchased from Amazon. The phone had to be reset several times after activating the TalkBack program. That was a major hassle and I couldn't do it myself. I had to have Mom do it.Like the phone just way to small and outdated.100% reliable and recommended. Excellent !!!Great phoneI purchased this phone for my daughter she love the style, and she is satisified.it's greatexcellent productNot even one star the phone just stop working. Even the the at the phone store didn't know what happened to it. I didn't drop the phone or drop it in water but for some strange reason it just stop working.It's good enough to usegoodgoodRestarts non stop.... Won't open apps, sounds like speaker is blown, and works slow with carrier :(Best phone for the buck in the cellphone gameDon't waste your $A+...Great phone, did more than expected for the price 79.99.GOODThis is a great little phone ,really good price for Samsung.GREATThe Phone is nice, my wife are happy with this phoneThe phone is ok,,not as fast as I thought it would beGood gameGOOD I LIKEI first had issues about this phone as it was said to be 4g, however that was a mistake on Amazon website and I was issued a credit for keeping the phone. Amazon has the best customer service in the world and they make sure you are satisfied. back to the phone it does the job and I am satisfied with it, but someday I will purchase a 4g Boost Mobile Phone to stay up to date. that purchase will be made thru Amazon of course. #My Favorite Company#good price fast deliveryThe Phone come on time... i like it ThanksReally good phone love itHad a problem with charger cable but so far OKPhone arrived on time and in great shape. The phone is easy to use and works well.Older than I expected with a few dings.love it... this phone is has many new things my old phone did not they shipped it just like they said, this is someone I will buy from again.Great price , my son loves it and it has held up nicely for a teenager.100% recomendablesLIKE ME PHONE, BRAND IS GOOD, LOVE THE CAMERA AND FUNCTIONS IS VERY FAST LIKE ME PHONE, BRAND IS GOOD, LOVE THE CAMERA AND FUNCTIONS IS VERY QUICK WITH COVERAGE IN GOOD GOOD CAMERA RESOLUTION IMAGESworks great and no damage at allThe only thing that's hard to work is the querty keyboard. This phone is infinately customizable and fuctions perfectly well for its price. I'm sure iPhones of the same price don't compare.great phone personally i feel why buy a new one when the older ones work just as goodAs I wrote my daughter got it for Christmas and is so pleased that its so clear and no more dropped calls like her last phone!!!!!!!!!! thankyouneighbor got this phone&gave her a lot of problems afterwards she upgraded now!It's was for me friend .. She loved it .. Thnxx amazon..Great working would recommend it espicially for the price it's being sold forVery goodWas not please with Boost ServicesExeclent!!Works greatEl telefono se ve muy Bonito lo malo y lo peor es que es linea de EE.UU y NO odre utilizarlo aqui en VENEZUELA. y no he tenido respuesta con mi ayudaIt don't work I want a new phoneI love my new samsung galaxy prevail 2..it more then I could ever ask for.I feel I can do it my friends do on there phone now.Right on time good phone :Dgood job you got through with my issues without charging me . thanks again for your concerns over the issueCame quickly and brand new and at a great price! All other merchants were selling it for more than a hundred $.Good but along way from a 4g phone.products are of excellent quality for equipment acquired through amazon. thank youThis phone in theory is a really nice easy to use and well set up smartphone. If it worked properly all the time I would give it five starts. However, the phone has some serious issues that started displaying themselves a few weeks after I got it: constantly getting messages about different applications and phone functions "closing" "stopped" etc. Also, the speaker in this phone is a bit off, sometimes it works great and sometimes it is impossible to hear people on the other end and it turns itself off a good bit. I did not water damage or drop my phone, after looking at other peoples reviews it seems like the same problems are happening for a lot of people. This phone was new on the market, I think next time I will purchase a phone that has been around longer and has been tried and true. I am sad to say this phone is inconstant.Great phoneWasnt a good phone freezesWorth every penny!I thought it was a bigger phone.Nicely done fantasticThe battery get discharge very quickly, makes a weird noise and message does not arrives sometimes until the next day.BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR MY NIECE! I HAVE NO REASON TO LIE!Yes it's perfect thank youExcellentAwsome works perfect.the phone is an upgrade for me. Its not too big and its not too small. It does all the functions that i need and the battery last long.Cuts off. Turns itself off and reset itself to factory settings today erasing all numbers, pictures, etc. Spend more and get a phone worth havingIt is okay not the best phone, my calls drop and not getting my text on time or two minutes late.This is a great phone. I had a prob with the first phone they sent me and they got back to me immediately (same day)and sent me a new phone. Love my phone tyI bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. The Samsung Galaxy Prevail is perfect for a 7th grader. This phone is just enough for her lifestyle of watching videos texting and playing games. I can't get her to put it down.Didn't even last a year. The charger port became worn with in 8 months.ExellentHeyy this phone is great, it's just like the picture shows. I got it for a good price and came earlier than I expected.very goodI purchase this phone for my daughter she loves it..her only complaint is the size.Amazing phone!My daughter simply loves this phone it puts you in the mind of a smaller S4 it has alot of wonderful featureslove itNot blast simThis mobil very very very bad one. very slow and alawys stoped programe. It takes long long time to open programes or any brows or page. VERY BAD MOBIL.Great thanksSo I haven't had this phone for over a month and it won't come back on already! I want my money back....I purchased this on the chance that it would be great (there were hardly any reviews online when I ordered it). My reference for this phone is my Galaxy S3. It's definitely smaller, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. It fits in the pocket much easier. It's probably 1.5 times thicker than the S3. The screen seems nice and crisp, as you would expect from a Samsung phone. The screen is definitely A LOT smaller when surfing the web and such. The buttons and layout are the same as the S3. As far as performance, it is definitely not as smooth as the S3. It's a little choppier than the S3, but that's to be expected. I also want to mention (since it's not in the description) that the internal memory is 2GB. Definitely invest in a MicroSD card! Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase. For the price, it's definitely a great way to get Samsung quality!Turns off by its self with a full battery. Phone is most of the time hot to touch. I liked to do to it's price but the phone SUCKSI bought this cell phone for my grandaughter and she loves it! I love the price. She loves the fact that it was easy to set up, it has two cameras (front and back), loves the color, the clear screen, and most of all---SHE LOVES EVERYTHING ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!Speaker sucks and wifi range is slightly poorer than other samsung boost phones. With that being said, this phone is still amazing. I owned mine for 2years, replaced the screen myself twice due to skateboarding accidents lol. Bluetooth range is very nice, I was able to have my speakers connected at the other side of the park from where I was at, if you are active and like to use bluetooth while working out or something then this is a great phone for you. Speeds switching apps are nice, camera takes decent pictures as well. For some reason loading internet browser takes a second but all other apps opened fast.I did not buy this phone on amazon. (I should have tho..) I paid about $150.00 and have owned it for about 3 months. The phone does not support favorite apps such as GTA San Andreas and the GTA iFruit app. But it does runs the basic. Facebook, youtube, twitter, netflix, hulu and Ect. Phone started shutting off and restarting every day. To get the phone back on, I have to remove the battery and put it back into place. Its a commen issue with this phone. However, if you dont have the money for the galaxy s series, galaxy prevail 2 does remind me of the galaxy s3 mini. I have compaired specs on this device and the S3 mini and this phone is a little better. But not better then the galaxy s3 itself. This phone is good for someone who doesent care to update to a half a thousand dollar phone.I personaly wouldent concider this a high or low end phone. Its perfect mid range. Things to know- it only has 2GB internal storage and apps can not be moved to SD card. But I have Facebook, hulu, netflix, facebook messenger and many more and still have room. So it is enough if you dont dont download too many apps. I also reccomend useing a headset to here people you're talking too better. (A standerd 3.5mm headset without mic will work). Also, the screen scratches very easy. So I also reccomend a case and screen protector if you buy this phone. But all and all, its a relly good phone.Worst phone ever! Have constant problems with it. Nothing wants to update correctly, keep getting messages that say android.com has stopped or something failed to load. Have to reboot several times a day. Have had to factory reboot. My husband had same phone and same problems. He got rid of it already. We have only had phone a couple months. I can't believe how awful this phone is!I thought that this phone would be better than my last one (Kyocera edge) but it's running out of space already and I bought a sd card hoping to be able to transfer apps to the card, however I found out thid is not possible (as much as I have researched) bottom line, I like the phone but it's not the greatest. It works for me right now.Love this phone! The sound clarity is fantastic on calls & music, very user friendly and easy to learn.Hi ive had this phone for about a year now tho I didnt buy from here I bought It from a store. This is definitely a good phone one draw back that this phone has I think would it can be slow at times including when powering on. It is a little thick too.Horrible battery life. Good luck getting 8 hours even with the battery saving mode turned on. Display is excellent. Phone requires re-boot once every now and again.This is my first smartphone...didn't want to pay a ton and wanted no contract. This phone works fine...phone call sound is a little fuzzy but overall, ok. BUT BE WARNED...even though you can use an external SD card YOU CANNOT move any apps you download over to it. You need to 'root' (jailbreak) it first. You CAN move music over but that's it. Definitely not the pre-installed apps...my only disappointment.So far, I love this phone! Audio sounds bubbly, like under water somewhat, but I'm enjoying my phone, works great, loved the price, and fast shipment too! :)Let's see 1st freezes alot 2nd very slow 3rd found isn't loud at all I have it turned fully up nd u can still barely hear the ring..good phone granddaughter really likes itTo small, just a temp. phone.my daughter loves itGood quality...worth the price...excelentThis is the worst phone I have ever owned and I will never ever ever again buy a samsung product since they sold me this piece of junk. When you go to google and search some or any webpage for that matter it comes back with oops we could not load this page. This phone is always doing something like when you want to go to google and search for stuff you go to google and you have to wait for the phone to get done messing around. I owned ZTE Warp Sequant and om my god i miss that phone so much. It was like 18 stars and this one is like negative 20 stars. As soon as I am done writing this review I am taking my phone out to the garage and smashing it. This phone is the worst phone I ever owned. Im gonna go buy another warp sequent if I can find one. This phone also whenever you do anything it always is bothering you about hooking to wifi and google wants to know you location in anything you do no matter how many times you deny it or change the settings. Samsung you knew when you made this phone it was junk why did you put it on the market before working out the problems.I didn't want to go for a BIG Samsung phone, as I have access to a laptop a lot of the time. The Galaxy Prevail II is a great smaller phone with most of the bells and whistles of the bigger Galaxy phones. Tons of room for apps; great performance; easy to use. Battery life seems excellent. This "entry-level" smartphone of 2013 seems superior to top-end units from just a few years ago. A great choice for users who don't want a bigger phone with them. And not a bad way to save a few hundred dollars in buying the phone, too!At the time of writing this review, I have owned 2 Nokia Lumia 520s. I purchased this phone after I accidentally broke my galaxy S4. I knew my upgrade wouldn't come up for about a year, and I needed a phone to last me until then. This phone was $50, and a smartphone, so I went ahead and bought it. Then (entirely my own fault) I broke it, and chose to buy another one. It has all of your standard smartphone capabilities: it can text, browse the internet, get apps etc. The biggest complaint I see of Windows Phones is that there are not enough of the "popular" apps. I find that most of the apps I use (snapchat, tinder, instagram, facebook, etc), have ports for the winphone. These ports however tend to be pretty terrible. For instance, there is an app called 6snap which allows you to use Snapchat. It's slow, unresponsive, and crashes frequently. However this is better than no app. Other negatives of this phone include the fact that it's abysmally slow compared to other smartphones. It can multi-task, but when it does, it slows down to the point where it's a turtle. Overall I would recommend doing your absolute best to buy a phone for ~100 bucks that is better than this. In fact, try to find an older version of a top end smartphone (for instance find the Galaxy S3, or one of the older G Nexus models). They will serve you better than this phone. However, if $50 is all you have... I guess it isn't terrible..My wife and I are 77 and resisted owning or using cell phones until just last year when we bought one to use as a "travel phone." We signed-up with Consumer Cellular (phone only) and bought a very, very cheap flip phone. She's had problems using with the basic flip phone and so, when I saw this one for only $30 (along with the great reviews) I grabbed one. Putting it into service was as simple as removing the slick little sim card from the flip phone, snapping the micro sim (already performated for this purpose) and putting it in the 520. Nothing to it! Frankly, I haven't told her about it yet but, after updating the firmware and the GPS maps, I'm mightily impressed and reasonably certain she'll find it a snap to use. I'm a Linux desktop user and left Windows behind years ago but the integration of Windows 8.1 into this thing is impressive. The more I use it the more impressed I am! My Consumer Cellular plan doesn't include data but I can cruise the internet free via wireless (plenty of hotspots around). After downloading the GPS maps I can use them off-line, a plus for me. My wife's SUV has a Garmin 7" GPS that she would never part with and I needed one for my old Chevy. The 520 will do nicely. The bottom-line: If you're an old coot like me I believe you'll love the 520 and, for only $29.95, it's a steal! old arkiedan Addendum on December 27: When the Lumia 520 went on further sale a couple days ago I grabbed another one. At $19.95 it's an ourageous steal! Even if I don't put it into phone service it'll make a terrific little GPS, pocket photo album, music album and quick-camera.A few words before I begin: I USED to be an Android user and I've tried an iPhone but didn't "feel the love" there either. About 2.5 years ago, I got hired by a firm that issued me my first Windows Phone; I had no choice in the matter. I was a die-hard Android fan and was displeased at the prospect of giving up my "preferred" platform......until I sat down and actually USED it. I got this phone as my personal device the other day and it's been a gem like the other 2 Windows Phones I've had. So what if it doesn't have a 100-megapixel camera, 32-core processor, 64 GB of RAM, etc....my point is that Windows Phone doesn't NEED all that hardware to run properly (except for the camera if your only camera is your phone, but you can get a better camera with other Nokia models ;)). Windows Phone doesn't come with TouchWhizz, MotoBlunder, HTC NonSense or any of that other bloatware, and runs very well without that stuff bogging it down like it does with most Android devices. Windows Phone isn't twitchy, touchy or glitchy like Android and doesn't have thousands of non-sensical unvetted garbage apps that don't work properly either (or conflict with the operating system). I haven't had any issues with my Windows phones acting like they're possessed (i.e. starting stuff up on their own without user intervention), haven't had to restart my phone because of a misbehaving app, and haven't had to pull the battery because it's frozen up.....EVER. My Windows phones have just worked, period, without fuss, and this one's no exception. Windows phones get their updates directly from Microsoft, without having to go through the manufacturer and carrier first. All Windows Phones operate the same; no learning curve when you switch phones. Best of all, they're as easy to use as an iPhone, and can be a whole lot cheaper. Windows Phone also comes with some nice features built-in that would need to be downloaded on an Android phone via the Play Store. A mobile version of Microsoft Office is preinstalled, so no downloading ThinkFree Office to view or edit your Word and Excel files. Bing search includes a song-identification feature and barcode/QR code scanner; no need to download SoundHound or barcode scanner apps, as on an Android device. When you register your Windows Phone on windowsphone.com using your Windows Live (hotmail.com, live.com or outlook.com) account, you're able to view the content of your SkyDrive--pictures and documents (7 GB free storage for as long as you have your Windows Live account) from any computer connected to the internet. If you lose your phone, you can find it via GPS, make it ring, lock it, or erase the contents of the phone all from the windowsphone.com site. Again, all this is BUILT IN; no need to go download a bunch of apps to get that functionality. If you don't have a Windows Live account, you can create one using your existing email account if you want. Microsoft doesn't force you to get a Hotmail email address like Google forces you to get a Gmail address for Android phones. Syncing your music and pictures with your Windows 7/8 or Macintosh computer is a snap; no "drag and drop," it automatically downloads your pictures into your pictures folder and you can choose what music you want to sync and it happens automatically. One built-in app that's worth special mention is "Local Scout." For travelers, this can be a lifesaver. Local Scout uses your phone's GPS to tell you what's near you, like restaurants, attractions, and places to shop. All you have to do is to tap on a business or attraction name and you can navigate to that business or attraction, call them, add them to your favourites and more, without leaving the app. I guess what I'm saying is that if you want something as a playtoy and don't mind the fragmentation, frustration, glitches, force-closes, and misbehaving apps, then by all means, go get that 100-megapixel, 32-core, 64 GB RAM Android phone....it's gonna need all that hardware! However, if you want something that is useful, has a lot of built-in features, easy, doesn't fuss or fight with you, is fluid and smooth, and just plain works, then get a Windows Phone. If you want a great Windows Phone on a budget, get this one. It won't disappoint you. Edit: It's been a few weeks since I've bought this device for personal use and it still runs like a champ. Recently, I had to switch my work device to a Galaxy S3 and this Nokia runs rings around the GS3, even though the GS3 has a better processor and 4 times the RAM. As soon as work is over, the GS3 gets put away and I switch back to my Nokia 520, and I'm happy again. I get 3 days out of this Nokia; the GS3 won't last a day without charging it. Second Edit (6/7/2014): I downloaded the developer preview for Windows Phone 8.1 on this device and it works beautifully. Yes, great things are coming to Windows Phone, as the general release for WP 8.1 won't be out until summertime. WP 8.1 brings a notification bar that you can swipe down, showing missed calls, emails and texts, as well as toggle switches for wi-fi, bluetooth, airplane mode and screen rotation; you can also set a background wallpaper that shows through your live tiles; and the most important feature......CORTANA! Yes, Cortana, Microsoft's answer to Siri (Cortana works a whole lot better too) is even available for use on the "lowly" Nokia 520. You have to be a US resident for Cortana to work in the developer preview, no word yet if Cortana will be available outside the US in the official WP 8.1 release. Cortana even understands some sequential requests.....something Siri can't do. I put her up against Siri on an iPhone 5S and Cortana outperformed Siri by a comfortable margin. Budget-minded fans take note: When Windows Phone 8.1 comes out this summer, you'll have the best features at an off-contract price that can't be beat. There's no reason, except for FUD about the Windows Phone platform, to own an Android or iPhone anymore now :D. Third edit (2/4/2015): According to Microsoft, Cortana is available in several regions now outside the US, so if you live outside the US, give it a go, especially in UK and Australia. Windows Phone 8.1 will also be upgradable to Windows 10 when it's released, thereby unifying the experience across multiple devices. Fourth edit (3/23/2016): Microsoft announced on 6/17/2016 that only a select few devices will be upgraded to Windows 10 Mobile, and this one isn't going to get the upgrade. The only x2x series device that will get the official upgrade is the Lumia 1520. Having used Windows 10 on a Lumia 920 before, I can say that going from 8.1 to 10 on a low-end device would be totally frustrating. The 920 lagged such that I noticed it, especially switching between apps and launching the Windows Store, camera, and Cortana. It was still usable and that was due to the fact that the 920 has 1 GB RAM. The 520 only has 512 MB RAM, so I wouldn't advise doing the upgrade on this phone. Given that, to upgrade, go to insider.windows,com and register as a Windows 10 mobile insider, download the Windows Insider app on your phone, launch the app and login with your Microsoft account, and then select the "Release Candidate" ring. Then, go to settings and check for updates. A word of caution: Once you upgrade the device to Windows 10, you can't go back to Windows Phone 8.x. Conceivably, one could restore the device using the Nokia Recovery Tool or the Windows Device Recovery Tool, but that route hasn't been successful for me.This review is for the entire phone even though I only use it exclusively for media purposes. I bought this device as a means to replace a broken iPod 2nd Gen which finally broke after 6-7 years of usage. I needed a replacement for my iPod since I don't think its wise to risk my iPhone 6 breaking every time I exercise in a gym or go jogging. I think its ludicrous to drop $300 before tax on a brand new 64GB iPod Touch for the reasons I'd be using it for. After researching on the internet, I found several users who used this phone (unactivated) as a media only device. I paid a total of $33 for the phone including tax (rounded), and its probably the best investment I've made. Since I don't have it activated I'm unable to call or text, but that's not what I bought it for in the first place so its fine. I initially purchased this device solely for the ability to listen to music on an affordable device. However, the extra features that I received vastly over exceeded my expectations for such a device. <Phone Aspect> The phone is a decent-small size and feels sturdy in the hand. The screen though is pretty lackluster with low pixel density, subpar screen resolution and not great lighting, but for the price you pay there's no complaints. The positioning on the home screen button underneath the volume control buttons is a little bothersome since anyone with medium to larger hands have difficulty pressing it with their thumb. The removable back plate and option to replace battery are wonderful additions to this phone. There's no front camera, so those who take selfies and use skype are a little out of luck. The back camera is pretty good for a phone of this price though. Most of the people that have used smart phones are probably use to Android or iOS, but this phone runs on Windows. The live tiles and overall user interface are different to what most of us are comfortable with, but it didn't take long to adapt to. It's fairly simple to use and navigate and there aren't any bugs or problems that I am aware of. The option of upgrading memory is one I wish all smart phones have, this however does and its fantastic! The phone comes with 8GB of stock memory which around 2.5 are used up by the phone itself for the system, leaving very little memory. However the option to include a microSD allows it to expand anywhere up to 128GB more memory (for anyone who can afford a 128GB microSD). <Features and Apps> The phone once updated to Windows 8.1 includes Cortana (Windows Personal Assistant). Which is a delight to use, its fairly accurate in understanding my voice requests. Also, with the 8.1 update there includes a notification pull-down such as in Android from the top screen. This notification pull-down also allows screen rotation, airplane mode, wifi settings, and bluetooth as well. Unlike my previous iPod it allows me to use Pandora, Netflix and social media apps that weren't supported under my old iPod due to Apple not supporting updates to older models. Nokia's maps called Here Maps are probably my favorite feature. They work offline once you download the map for your country,state or province. The app store is not something that one would be excited for as it lacks a lot of variety compared to Apple or Google. It does contain basically all major apps that one would want with a few exceptions. For $33, plus the option of a microSD card if you need more memory (I paid $25 for 64GB). You get a basic smart phone that can make calls and texts; plays videos, music and games; and includes all other basic smart phone functions (camera, calculator, etc). It has a personal assistant in Cortana, along with a built in GPS system that works offline with no connectivity required. No other device offers all this for the same price range, which makes this a great purchase.I like this better than the Android platform as far as general usability. The new voice assistant seems to work well, it does everything I did with Siri on my iPhone, but the Windows app need smoothing out still and most of your favorite apps may not yet be on the platform. The phone seems well built, solid buttons, and I prefer this smaller and thinner size in a phone. For 30 dollars though you can't beat this little thing. I'm not using the cell function right now, but as a piece of technology it's a great deal and I suspect it would make a good phone. I like the touchpad as much or more than my iPhone 4s and far more than my old Android. My problem with Android phones is the lack of consistent interface and workflow coupled with bloatware from phone makers, otherwise Android seems to have the devs and app support that I would want. The speaker is LOUD, so this thing makes a great MP3 player or even cheap portable mini room system. It's way loud enough to hear in a room and even loud enough in the shower. Not sure how fast the wifi is, but everything seems fairly snappy overall with the phone. I think I like MS's email app better than anything in iphone or android, their office apps are cool looking, not sure I need them, but pretty nice. The tiles work great for mobile platforms, not sure why they smeared the metro interface so badly by forcing it on desktop users. For no reason I can explain the virtual keyboard works better for me than the iphone and I make less typos, though auto suggest still needs improvement as it does on all platforms. The single biggest flaw for me is the App view being a single row, that's a pretty big flaw, but yeah for 30 dollars I can deal with it. I wanted to try a Windows 8 phone so this gave me the opportunity to own one on the cheap. Even as an mp3 player alone this thing blow away everything else on the market at 30 dollars, plus it's a full fledged smart phone AND has GPS and offline maps. It also has a built in FM tuner. I have certainly not tested all the features or longevity. As a little compact computer this thing rocks. I can't really comment on it as a phone, but if MS keeps improving this platform and gets apps I'll probably make my next actual smart PHONE an MS based one.This phone, considering the current selling price (69.99$), is worth more than the money spent on it. Here are the reasons why: 1. Its a smart phone and comparable with any smartphone out in the market. Not just in the price range of $100 but with those sold for $200-300. The windows app store is not right there with apple or android app store but it offers most of the commonly used apps such as Pandora, you tube, whats app, wechat, Facebook, Google maps, etc. 2. Nice and smooth browsing experience. Its just $70 and it makes you feel like you have a high end phone. 3. The Nokia apps for GPS and music are freaking awesome. Music browsing features and associated options are very user-friendly. Nokia music app lets the user to create his own music mixes while also letting the user to download up to four mixes which can be used offline. Isn't it awesome, huh? 4. Storage: This phone comes with 8 GB on-board storage capacity, which is good for storing as many apps that a regular person could use. Moreover, it supports micro SD cards up to 64 GB, which is humongous to store loads of music. 5. The only thing i would have preferred to have is a high capacity battery. This phone is equipped with a 1430 mAh battery which could last no more than one day. I wish it had a higher capacity battery, and wouldn't have regretted paying $15-20 for that. But, given the price, battery is good too. Verdict: 4.5/5, and the deduction of 0.5 is for the lack of satisfactory battery life. Overall, i really like the phone. I purchased $150-200 worth phones before and no phone had given me a better experience than Nokia Lumia 520.For the price of this phone the capabilities are amazing. At this point I'm not sure why anyone would bother spending the outrageous amount of money that Ipods cost. You can get this phone and a Micro SD card for under $100 almost year-round. If you buy it on sale you can get a 64GB Micro SD with this phone for around $50. That is around $200 less than an Ipod Touch, it also allows you to use Cortana, a new search function/Program for the windows phone. If you want to use it as an MP3 player or a phone I would recommend it. In fact if you want to use this thing as a decoration, I'd still recommend it. For the price I can't see a single reason anyone wouldn't buy this phone. Pros/Cons -Awesome Speaker W/ great sound quality 9/10 -Decent Camera 6/10 -Good load time and processing speed 6.5/10 -Cortana (This is as good as hardware) 8/10 -Microphone Quality 7/10 -Price 10/10 -Looks/Weight 10/10 -Difficulty to use (10 being very easy) 8/10 -Screen quality 8/10 -Durability (Anything with a touch screen is easier to damage than without) 8/10 -Apps (Less than android and Iphone) 5/10 -Comes with a charger and a Micro USB to USB cable 10/10 One more thing, to update the phone you'll need to put the SIM card in, which can be done by removing the battery on the back. You will also have to do this in order to use certain functions on the phone, you do NOT however need to purchase a phone package. This phone also uses AT&T which I'd rate 6/10, I find most phone companies to be lacking in general. However, for what it is, the service is not bad and the plans are fairly decent as well. I would use this just as a multitask capable device rather than a phone any day, which isn't to say it's not also a good phone. You can't beat the price-for-functions this phone gives at all.If you made the mistake of purchasing this phone thinking to use it overseas, or on TMobile over here, and just discovered it is "locked" to AT&T (even though you own it and thought "no contract" meant "unlocked"), there are still a lot of useful things to do with, apart from fuming: 1. Out of the box, insert battery, power it up, and go to Settings. 2. Set "Airplane Mode". 3. Power off, remove battery, insert the provided GoPhone SIM. - The SIM is essential for downloading Nokia Here Maps, which are GREAT. 4. Go to Settings, turn on WiFi mode. Don't turn off Airplane Mode! Leave it the way you set it in step 2. - Airplane Mode keeps the phone from searching for a cellular carrier and forcing you to activate the phone. 5. There are some advantages to having a Microsoft Outlook free email account. Go to outlook <dot> com and get a free account if you don't already have one. 6. Go to Settings and add some Accounts: - Microsoft (your new or existing Outlook account). - Nokia (for free and purchased apps from the Store). - Google, FaceBook, Yahoo! Mail, Twitter, LinkedIn, IBM Notes Traveler, and generic POP and IMAP accounts are your other choices. 7. While in Settings use the "left arrow" a permanent below-the-screen left arrow to move back to the main Settings menu and set Brightness to High with no automatic control. This works best except in dim settings like on an airplane with lights out, where I use Low for Kindle reading. 8. On the same first page of Settings, scroll down to Phone Update and check for system updates. You should already have the "Black" update set, 8.1 will come out in a couple of months. Check about once a week. 9. Apps will update too, a number will appear on the Live Tile for Store. Sometimes important updates like FaceBook are announced but the Store won't auto update right away - you can force an update by searching for that app, then clicking on it, and clicking manually on the update bar that appears. 10. Download these apps (my favorites, YMMV): - WhatsApp, Line, Viber. Or your favorite message/free phone call solution. - Most of these require an active phone number to work. If you use your other phone's number, that will erase your account on that other phone, when you use the text supplied PIN to activate on the Lumia 520. That might change someday, but for now linkage to phone numbers is a limitation. - Skype. Works REALLY well on the Lumia 520. - Kindle. Works so-so. I read a couple of books inflight so it isn't screen sharpness that is the problem. The problem is a little Amazon software funkiness that occasionally cuts off a line or two of text between pages. To fix, rotate from book orientation to landscape to read your text then rotate back. The rotation seems to fix the problem. - Facebook. Fine for consumption, not so fine for editing your posts or comments. Much improved over last year. - Facebook MESSENGER. Yes, it is a separate app, and more and more people use it, is a good substitutes for WhatsApp, Line, Viber, and Facebook doesn't care how many devices you have it on. A mature product on Lumia 520. Be sure to pay attention to the little delta wing that rats out your location - default is on, so you WILL be tracked by friends and frenemies. Well tracked when you answer a message. 11. From the home screen - press the Home soft button on the bottom of the screen - flick the screen to the left to see the list of apps, all the apps, and open HERE Maps. - Choose your state and download your map. - Going to Dublin? etc? download that map. The maps don't take up a lot of space. - Yes, GPS works without cellular service, so long as you downloaded the map. Remember, the maps won't download if you didn't put your SIM card in (you can remove it later, but why bother?). 12. Some good exercise apps that work well with the LOUD speaker on this tiny phone: - 7 Minute Scientific. - Tabatas. 13. For music: - Because it has the necessary licenses from MicroSoft, 64gb and even 128gb micro SD's fit and work fine. I use a 64gb to hold almost all my music. - It will play current iTunes tracks fine (everything except the early DRM digital rights management copy protected tunes), mp3. it will not play Ogg Vorbis. - The player is called Music & Videos and comes stock; until updates, it might appear as Nokia Music or as xBox, Nokia Mix Radio is a separate app which provides free streaming music from Nokia. Very cool! REMEMBER, all this is WITHOUT cellular phone service! You have a camera, music player, GPS unit, e-reader, and minimalist web browser, all in a $60 or so package! And the option of using it to back up your AT&T and AT&T driven phone service, if you need it. SHORTCOMINGS: 1. Due to the 512mb memory limitation, app switching is painfully slow. NOT unusably slow, but by modern standards PITA slow. 2. A few games and rare apps won't run in a 512mb footprint. Before you go ballistic on this memory limitation, keep in mind the iPad 2 and original Mini are both 512mb. Like Apple, though, MicroSoft uses compiled code for its apps - more efficient - than Android, which "compiles code" on the fly via an interpreter - hence Android needs faster processors and more RAM (but in current editions and with modern hardware, Android is plenty fast). 3. This is DVD resolution, not HD. It is 800x480, not one of the higher resolutions. The type looks crisp, not pixelated, but you don't get as much information per screen on websites or Kindle, and the screen - for resolution AND quality reasons - isn't good for serious video watching. 4. No front camera. This is a BIGGIE for many selfie fans. On the rear, no FLASH but the camera DOES autofocus. I don't like flash, I prefer natural light even if the picture goes grainy etc. so I'm ok with this. UNEXPECTED SURPRISE: 1. The battery life is absolutely incredible, with cellular radio turned off via the Airplane Mode switch. 2. Nokia continues to roll out major software updates for this amazing little helper - even Win Phone 8.1 is coming to the 520, which means being able to run apps from the uSD card and, finally, being able to set ringer and music volumes separately (saves ears, that). So I've found plenty of uses for my Lumia 520, even if it isn't good for travel or TMob. I wish it were unlocked, and would have paid more for an unlocked one from Nokia (if they sold unlocked phones direct, like Google and Motorola and Apple do), but my buyer's mistake hasn't turned into buyer's remorse. You will be blown away by the design, looks, and quality of this little bargain.Nokia always made incredible phones in terms of hardware and software and I was really sorry to see them lose market share to the point of going out of business. Nokia voice quality beats anything that is out there on the market today. Microsoft's purchase has kept them alive and this is an incredible piece of hardware for the price. As many have noted, although AT&T won't like to publicize it, this phone can be operated without a Sim card. You won't be able to make phone calls or get cellular data, but it is an incredible value as a Wi-Fi only tablet, music player, real GPS with GPS chip device, email reader, camera and so much more. Insertable Sim card, replaceable battery, it's great. Given the choice between spending $600 to $900on an iPhone or $25 on this, the decision was easy for me. The only issue with this phone is Microsoft and their updates. The actual OS is fine and reasonably intuitive. However, when I plugged this phone in, it updated itself to Windows 8.1, which just like a PC easily took a couple of hours. I then downloaded maps for the entire United States for the GPS app, and that took nearly 4 hours. iOS and android Devices do not operate like PCs in this weird Microsoft your time has no value way. Now that the phone is up and running, it is amazing and I would highly recommend it. If you want to save some money, want a really good phone which wont cause you to have a heart attack if you drop and crack it, and also have a day's time to waste, this phone, along with it's more expensive siblings, is a great value.So far this phone is much more than I expected. It is really a no brainer. For $19.99, I purchased this phone (on a lighting deal) with the intention of switching, from my current prepaid company, to At&T next month. Although I can't give a review on how well the phone actually works for calling and text, I can tell you that it works great with my wifi. I was able to get right on, without the sim card in, and start using the windows interface and apps. It quickly initiated the download to windows 8.1 and I was off having fun, using it as a small tablet. I'm not a person who relies on my cell phone for all of my daily needs and actually never use it while at home. It may not come with all of the bells and whistles of a high end phone, but for my interests and uses and cost, It's far better than the small Samsung Illusion I own now. and may I mention...Cortana is great!!I needed to replace my Samsung 5 since I accidentally dropped it and I was unwilling to pay full price for a new one, so I decided to buy this older version instead. Samsung is by far one of the best phones I have ever owned! The quality of the photos are phenomenal ,storing and sharing everything is super easy. I love the overall size and easy usability of it all. The battery stays charged much longer than expected even with use of many apps. The fast charging is amazing! The sound quality is amazingly clear whether you are talking on the phone ,watching videos or playing music. The multitude of settings and features lets you setup the phone the way YOU like it, you just have to take the time to go through them all. Although the S4 is a few years old now, the design and capability of the phone still feels up to date. While it isn't the most capable device on the market at this point in its life cycle, it represents a great value for the cost of the device.What a hunk of junk! I bought this phone, feeling a bit better about it being used, since it was certified refurbished, but they're not REALLY refurbished, just factory reset, they still have issues ya'll. It started off as a meh, experience as soon as it showed up. The box it came in was fine, and fit everything inside (the charger and phone) but there was no padding, so it was just banging around in the box the whole trip. I took it out and the bezel was beat to crap...which I almost expected, as that is listed as a possible condition in the item description, just not chunks missing and gouges. I was even prepared for that! I had a protective case that covered the imperfections, as the phone SEEMED to work just fine.....but only for about 2 weeks. I used this phone pretty sparingly for those two weeks, definitely no trauma befell my new device whatsoever, and the screen stops responding for periods of time. I even gave this a free pass for a few days, thinking maybe I had too many apps open (I didn't, but again, trying to be objective) about a week after that it starts randomly re-starting, freezing for over 5 minutes at a time, sometimes telling me my SIM was invalid, other times saying android encountered an error. There were times when I would open system apps and there would be nothing but a blank white page. I tried everything I could to get this waste of time and money, to work, but to no avail. This was a horrid experience, I wasted time, money and a whole bunch of my patience dealing with this giant failure. DO NOT BUY!I am EXTREMELY SATISFIED with this product. I must confess that I was hesitant at first to purchase it used "like new" but since I needed the phone ASAP and couldn't fork up money for a new one I bought this one. Also, it was sold via fulfillment by Amazon, which has a great return policy just in case it was not sold as advertised (if you are going to buy used, I would suggest you purchase it this way and save the trouble of having to explain your life away to someone as to why you returned it). It is by far my best cell phone purchase to date. The phone came in other packaging (as advertised) and a few slight scuffs along the edge that are only noticeable upon a very close inspection (which only means that it is truly "used" and not just as a paper weight). I can tell that the phone was well kept and the previous owner did not drop it or mistreat it. I had an Apple iPhone 4S before this one and will now have to learn the new Google OS but everyone in my household has Samsung phones so I have teachers to spare. I will MOST DEFINITELY BE RECOMMENDING/REPEATING A PURCHASE LIKE THIS ONE!The phone itself is great, but it is from a bad batch of S4's that will randomly loose the sim card. I bought it for my wife and she has to restart it once or twice a day for it to start working again. when it says "Sim not found" she cant receive calls or texts. Not the sellers fault I'm sure he checked out all the functions of the phone, but unless he put a sim card in it and carried it around for a few days he would not know about this issue. but because of it I cant give it more than 3 stars. The camera takes beautiful pictures and the phone is great when it works right.I was upgrading from another Samsung device with a single core processor and Android 2.3. The S4 has really blown me away and convinced me I should upgrade more often. The difference in speed of the apps is just something that you'll have to see for yourself. The phone is large with a beautiful screen, and while the size takes a little getting used to, after a couple of weeks now I've adjusted. It still fits in my shirt pocket and it's very light and thin. This thing is loaded with features, powerful hardware that can run any Android app with blazing speed, and very well designed Samsung apps that enhance and ease the use of the phone and even your own data and networks. Samsung includes an app that lets you access and share data across all your devices that's very useful and serves a real use for those using Android devices on Windows networks. I'm not sure if the S4 is considered a 'phablet' but it should be... I was able to install Office 365 Mobile and it's actually usable. Typing on this phone isn't nearly as challenging as the smaller phones. I won't be writing any novels on it but I can open and edit documents as needed, and forward them to wherever I want, or save them to my Windows network storage. Google has amazing document and spreadsheet capabilities built-in to Google drive too so don't worry if you don't pay for Office 365. Browsing is fast and I've had no issues using the Chrome browser on this phone except that you can't close Chrome on the phone. You need to keep a shortcut on the home screen to force close apps until that bug is fixed or you'll drain your battery. Battery life is very good and I can get a full day's use without worry. I usually have about an 1/8 of my battery life left at bedtime and I'd say I'm a moderate to heavy user. The camera takes pictures good enough to capture and share to your albums, but I don't think any professional photographers will stop carrying a better camera around. It's great for the rest of us though. Large beautiful screen, blazing speeds, useful built-in apps, good camera, and just under the 'too big to be a phone' margin... This is a can't miss for Android users that want a great phone that can do more... much, much more.So far I definitely like this phone. First thing I noticed is how light it is- there is very little weight, even with the battery in it. It has a lot more surface area than any phone I have ever used, but it's very thin. I can get used to how big it is. Camera quality is very good. Voice command system is pretty neat. Still getting the hang of some of the 'smart' features which monitor your face movement to control the device. Only thing I don't like about it is (and it's not a deal-breaker) that I can't change the sound it makes when tapping the screen. It can be toggles on or off, but not changed. What sold it for me: - Android OS is fast and reliable. - Excellent camera / video quality - Expandable storage space (big deal for me) - Very thin and sleek (i've always been a Motorola Razr fan for this reason) - Fairly inexpensive (with a contract) - Processor is ridiculous (and I mean that in a good way.. it's got a better processor than most tablets) - Wifi - Supposedly good battery (I haven't had it long enough to judge for myself)I ordered this phone very warily. I had a black galaxy s4 but I had dropped it so many times that the screen was shattered and the price to fix it would be the same as the cost to buy it through here. I made the right decision! I live in the Midwest and I got my package a day before the earliest day Amazon said I would. It came with a Samsung charger, both the phone and the charger look brand new. I popped the SIM card out of my old s4 and into the new one(the phone even has plastic on the screen still ) and I haven't had any problems setting up/transferring data. It's important for me to note that I have my wireless service through AT&T, so I don't have to fight with switching networks. The back case of the phone doesn't have the AT&T stamp though, nor does it say Galaxy S4 like my original phone did(though these are not issues for me). I have read reviews about battery bulging but I never had problems with my last phone. I'll be keeping the battery from my old s4 just in case though.I own a Galaxy S3 and purchased this phone for my wife but I have been using it also on and off and can say this phone is superior to the S3 and IMHO superior to anything else out there right now. Some of the reasons I feel this way: 1. Of the new generation of smart phones that came out around the time this one did, this is the only one with capability to add a memory card which allows you to store more media on your phone. 2. Has some very cool capabilities that are unique to this phone to include the use of the phone as a remote for your video/audio equipment and the capability of the phone to measure temperature and humidity to better keep track of your physical exercise. 3. Much better battery life than Galaxy S3. 4. Bigger screen, better than S3 yet lighter and physically smaller phone. My wife had originally said that she would take my S3 and I could keep the S4 when it came in but after seeing the phone and all the cool functions on it she decided to she wanted to keep the newer phone. Can't blame her because it is a beauty and has great functionality.The wife and I bought two of the Galaxy S4. They came a little dinged up, which was expected, but otherwise in perfect working order. After 3 months my wife's phone started to show problems. When you would answer a call you could hear the other person but they could not hear you. This was fixed by removing the battery and starting the phone again. It only happened once in a while so no big deal. After all, the phones were a great bargain, so some quirks can be overlooked. About a week ago her phone did it again, but this time removing the battery (which she had gotten quite fast at) didn't fix the problem. Nothing we, or AT&T, have tried has helped at all. Now I have to buy a phone again, only 4 months later. I wasn't planning on spending $700 on phones. That is why I bought these in the first place, had I known I would have just gotten something new from the cellular company. When I tried to find contact information for the vendor, Edge Cellular, I meet a stone wall. I can't even contact the company to let them know about what happened, or give them the chance to help us out. If you want to take a gamble on whether your phone will still be working in 6 months, and be unable to contact anyone that is willing to help you, feel free to buy one of these phones. I guess lady luck just wasn't on my side this time.I got this phone and I understand it's used. It came with dents in the corners like it had been dropped pretty hard and several times. At first it worked great. But after a couple of weeks the wifi would cut off and not connect to any router. I had to restart it to get it to connect everytime it did. Then when I'd hit the unlock button it'd not sense any touch to unlock it. It was tolerable at first but then got very frustrating as it started doing it more and more often. The only reason I can't honestly give a one star is because this seller had a 30 day money back guarantee and I've been refunded for it.The phone is awesome. It exceeded most of my expectations and that was good. The bad part, it as apps that you cannot delete. But that is just part of being on the AT&T network with a Samsung phone. Not a deal breaker for sure, just hate someone else has more control over MY phone. The other part that I do not like is the camera. Most of the pictures are blurry and I have compared it to a few others who have an S4 and their pictures seem to be better. Even when they took the photos. I have also compared it to other manufacture's phones (Motorola, Nokia) and they seem to be better than mine. However the good part is that others that have the S4 seem to be just as good as the other manufacture's if not better. All and all, I wouldn't trade this phone in for another one. The feel, the size, everything except the non-removable apps and the camera are just right.This phone really should be a five star product in most nearly every aspect. It has a removable battery and expandable storage for a mini micro SD card. The five inch super amoled screen is quite lovely. It's lightweight and the size of the device is very manageable even with the Trident Aegis case I'm using with it. Call quality is certainly better than on my iphone 5s. What's the problem then? Well, it's actually a pretty big one for me. In fact, it's a deal breaker! This phone constantly lags and even freezes at times. Sometimes, it requires restarting the device. I have to constantly go in to settings to clear out the ram. The Touch Wiz UI simply overwhelms the internals despite the 2 Gigs of ram. (Prior to this device, I owned a Galaxy Note 2 which worked much more seamlessly despite being a prior generation device.) I wish I had purchased the Note 3 instead. I suspect it can much better handle the Touchwiz user interface due to its 3 gigs of ram. Also, I miss have the larger phablet sized screen. So, I can not recommend the S4 despite liking so much about the phone. However, these lagging/freezing issues could possibly be alleviated somewhat when the kit kat update becomes available. But, that's probably more wishful thinking than anything else! Oh, there's one feature that truly annoys me which is S voice. I went into settings and deactivated it altogether. It seems redundant when Google voice is so superior. If you can manage with a costlier and larger device, you may want to consider the Note 3. I base that on my experience with the Note 2 and the positive things that I've discovered about the similar S4. I also own an Iphone 5s which I do like a great deal. However, the 4 inch screen is simply too small for my comfort. My wife also has an Iphone and is quite delighted with hers. But, once again, the Samsung Galaxy S4 is a no go for me because of the lagging and freezing issues caused by Touchwiz! -CharlieGreat phone! I broke my old one (word to the wise; INVEST IN A PHONE CASE!) and added a phone similar to this one (just a different color) from a different seller here on Amazon to my cart to purchase after I got the $200 I'd saved up put onto a prepaid card. The day after I added it to my cart, the price had skyrocketed to well over $200, and I couldn't load more money onto the card and was quite upset. However, I found this one and immediately purchased it (at $189.95, I even had $10.05 left on the card to use for other things) and expected a long wait until the 21st to get my phone since 9 times out of 10, the latest date in the predicted shipping is when I seem to get my items. However, this phone came the first day of the predicted shipping (15th) and I was eager to have my phone back, even if the seller had described the phone as having a little bit of wear and tear/damage to the outside of the phone. However, the phone is in better shape than my old one was in before the screen shattered! No scratches to the screen or body, no scuffs or marks. If I hadn't ordered it myself, I'd think it was straight from an AT&T store! The phone works just like new, looks just like new, and was available at a great price and in great time. I highly, highly recommend this phone from this seller if you're looking for a good quality Galaxy S4!I have been using this phone since Dec 2015. I bought it used "like new" for $209 and I am glad I took a chance on a used phone. I had a Galaxy S2 on it's last legs and I wanted something similar and cheap. I read reviews for a week on Amazon and finally decided on this phone. So I looked for used and I found a seller with a high rating and a phone that came in the original box with all the accessory's, no SIM card. When I got it, the phone looked brand new out of the box with everything you would get if it were new. I charged it and messed around with it and did as much as I could without a SIM and had no trouble with setting it up. Next day I got a new SIM from AT&T and it has worked great from that moment on. I spent half what a new phone would cost and so far no problem. I'm very happy with this phone.Great phone from Samsung. This is the 4th Samsung phone I have owned and it performs very well. The only issue is there are some S4's that have a SIM card issue. You can look it up on line to see serial numbers affected and mine happened to be one. I found advice to carefully squeeze just below the camera and to the left if you get a SIM card error. It seems to work in a try or two. The issue only happens when I pull the battery for a hard reset. Oh well, at least I did not pay too much and I am out of contract!This particular phone was a bad one from the get go we trouble shot all info wed site suggested but it continued to revert back to a black screen with all sorts of numbers, symbols & etc brought it to AT&T store continued with same issue it would work for a period of time than it would revert back to doing same thing. This was for a friend of mine as a gift I'm very sorry it didn't perform correctly although I have had the same phone for 2 yrs and works fine never had any problems??? So I have come to conclusion its just a bad one. Returned to Amazon & reordered hopefully this one will be ok if not ill return again & not recommend this phone to anyoneI bought this phone for my boyfriend for Christmas. He absolutely loves this phone. The phone itself is fantastic. The only (extremely) minor complaints are that there a few scuffs on the back of the case (seriously, not that bad at all. It has a case so whatever) and the other thing as that the phone wasn't completely formatted upon purchase. There were still a few phone numbers saved. Of course, this isn't really that big of a deal.it arrived new, excellent. I was replacing a S3 but didn't realize that this was a 16GB instead of a 32 GB - I am constantly running out of space for apps and I even bought an additional card for it and I delete something every time I add something but there is never space for anything on it. Other than that it has been a decent phone.I really like this phone. It has some great features on it. The only frustrating thing is if you are used to having a sliding keypad with your phone then this one can be frustrating because of the touch tone keypad , but many of the words & numbers will automatically pop up to help you in advance as you are typing which does help when you are texting to others. It is a really nice phone though & a nice camera on it also.I ordered this phone for my dad, but didn't know I needed a sim card adapter. After ordering that and waiting for it I attempted to set up the phone for him. While the phone looks great, it doesn't register his sim card. After taking it to get looked at they said the phone is defective. Definitely not happy.Sold as mint and fully functional used phone in description. Cyclone Store included a verizon phone back to a att phone. Also came with a bad sim reader. Calls would dial but not fully connect. sent back and got from a different seller and no issues now. Some tried saying it was because I was using net10. nope bad sim card reader. Other Galaxy S4 works just fine.When working this phone does well. However, the phone seems to lock up or we receive a message that the SIM card is not present. This happens a few times a month. Each time we take the batter out. reseat the SIM card and it works fine. Just a little inconvenient. I and my daughter have this same phone, we purchased from A.T.&T. and do not have this problem. Overall we are not disappointed with purchased.Just received my phone (earlier then eta) and so far I love it! It arrived fully charged and working, no scratches. Honestly it looks new. I feel I got a great deal that saved me hundreds of dollars and no contract or hassle with joining a AT&T NEXT program that I feel is another way they(AT&T) rip me off. Glad I found it on Amazon and when anyone in my family needs another cell phone you can bet we will check out this seller first.Sadly I bought 2 of these early as Christmas presents but I didn't test them before Christmas. By the time I learned they were faulty it was too late to return. One of the phones constantly turns off randomly & won't turn back on for hours. The other phone does the same thing. I had to buy new phones... very disappointed. My s3 worked for over 4 years with no problems. This phone had issues in less than a week of activating itI love the new Samsung Galaxy S4. It has many amazing features and it just never stop running or glitches. The software is as good as the hardware, which means a lot, since the hardware of the phone is what makes the software so amazingly fast, fluid, and seamless. I upgraded from a Motorola and I am never going back. Also, if you are worried about losing Smart Actions, like I was I recommend AutomateIt and ProfileFlow, although I have been told Tasker also works very well.Great phone and although I ordered it used, it came in great shape. The only problem is that it didn't come with a charger, but that is easily fixed by going to a gas station. I love the camera on this and the fact that it has extendable storage. Even though it is older, it is a great phone and I am extremely satisfied with itWorking so far. The screen and the body were clean. Not even minor blemish or scratches I could see. This is second used phone (2 kids and upgrading to new is out of budget) and the area around the charge port is a little beat up. It came in plastic bags, in a small box lightly stuffed with brown packing paper. Had to go to the post office and sign to pick up. Screen had a film on it for the delivery purpose.I give this one star because the service has been horrible! The phone is also defective. The battery loses a full charge within 4 hours, the WiFi does not work at all (won't even turn on), and i was sent a WHITE phone when I clearly selected a BLACK phone. Very unhappy with this purchase...hopefully it can be resolvedShe has been using and is very happy with it.This is the first smartphone that I have purchased and I am very pleased with it so far. It has more features than I'll ever use and it will probably take me months to figure out all that it can do. It was only a penny so I certainly can't complain about the price. My only quibble is the ridiculous amount of apps that came preloaded on the phone from AT&T. They take up too much space and are unnecessary. Other than that, this is a nice phone for a good price. Unless you're looking for the latest and greatest model.Time has gone by, and this phone is not living up to the pressures of Today. This was a great phone 2 years ago before the serious applications. You will be missed.I was not expecting the "perfect" phone while getting a refurbished phone, so i was expexting some minor issues. However the one I got was terrible, the sound quality is horrid. I cannot hear my husband speak. I have to have my blue-tooth in because the speaker does not work on the phone. It's super slow, opens random apps when I go to unlock it. The company I bought it from hasn't responded about me getting a replacement, it has been 3 weeks. Im stuck with this P.o.s until my contract is up. -_-......but the S4 fills all my needs. I was a little leery about ordering from Amazon, but I had absolutely zero problem activating the phone and setting it up was a breeze. I've had mine for about 3 months and it's been very stable and the battery consumption is much better than I experienced with my old Rezound. I switched from Verizon to AT&T in the process and couldn't be happier.The phone came without the manual and the one sheet print out instructions are wrong for this version os. Further, after finding s4 instructions online and following the charging 100% prior to first use, the phone drops about 1% battery per minute of use... in airplane mode. I am pretty shocked and feel scammed actually. I do not see it clearly, but under the battery plate it appears as though this may actually be a refurb sold as new.Would give zero stars if I could. When phone arrived and I started using it, I found out the home button was stuck down and that was not mentioned and was categorized as "Like New." Very upset and disappointed especially since this was a present.I had a Samsung Conquer before I bought this phone, which was very old, but still a good smartphone. Since I was changing cellular networks I decided it was time to update phones too. I had no idea the excitement and joy I was in for. The phone is quick, has features galore. I do agree that the back casing is flimsy which is the only reason I didn't give it the last star. The camera has crisp clear photos with the ability to use both the front and rear view camera at the same time. I did get 32gb because of the OS space usage the reviews talked about. Bottom line is the phone is awesome and I definitely would recommend it. I haven't added an otterbox yet but I am for added protection. a previous reviewer told about many other features.Bought this phone and had it delivered January 6th, 2016. It worked well for three months then shut itself off on April 8, 2016. I have replaced the battery hoping that was it, but no change. This is one of the few purchases I regret from Amazon after about 100 buys.Upgraded from Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. Love this phone! Decided to get my daughter a cell phone, and she couldn't be happier. It was a debate between the S4 & S5, but the S4 won out. I've always had Samsung smartphones - very brand loyal. As long as Samsung keeps on putting out quality products, they have a customer for life.This is my first smart phone and I absolutely LOVE IT!!!! It is easy to use and I love how it sync's my contacts with my gmail account. No more worrying about losing contacts when you change phones! I also am able to access my work email about and all of the contacts in my outlook. However, it is still separate from my personal account. I like that I can also used google voice to send free texts, rather than paying the $20 a month for an at&t texting plan. I actually like the size of the phone, I do not think it is too big. The battery lasts all day. I can check email throughout my day and still listen to Pandora at the gym. A few my coworkers have switched from the iphone to the S4 after I showed them all the cool things it can do!The Samsung S4 exceeds my expectations for what a cellphone should be and what it really is. The speed of the phone, call clarity, and battery life make this a must for people on the go. A phone that if you are not into the lines for Apple iphone, then give the Samsung S4 a try. Doesn't cost anything to look!Phone is great. I only gave the battery 2 stars because after I got it the battery started to swell. Bought a new one and everything was back to normal.The phone got here super fast. Looks absolutely brand new from the outside and came in the box. I could tell it was used based on the condition of the battery receiving area. The phone works fine but it keeps telling me that it can't recognize the sim card, and automatically restarts the phone. The only way for me to get it to recognize the card is for me to take the back off and the battery out and move it around a little. This happens a few times a day. But is not a huge deal and I am overall happy with my purchase.Imagine this: you finally meet your dream girl (or guy). She's so smart - it's like there's nothing she doesn't know how to do. She's pretty - maybe not a supermodel but way prettier than your last girlfriend. She's well-connected. Easy to please. And she WANTS to do everything for you. Except...she makes you feel stupid sometimes. Oh not on purpose, and not all the time...you just find you have trouble communicating. She's got a waaaay higher vocabulary than you. She doesn't always explain things to you - you have to figure it out on your own. She's kinda needy sometimes. She's dainty and you worry she'll get hurt. And her parents...the less you say about them, the better. Still, none of those things are deal-breakers. Far from it, even though she's out of your league, she's so open to whatever you want to do that you forgive the flaws. Because most of time, everything is wonderful, and you can't imagine life without her. That's what owning a Galaxy S4 is like. The S4 is the Swiss Army Knife of phones. It does everything. The only feature it lacks is an FM tuner. Yes, some phones do certain things better. Some are a little faster, some have a little better camera, a little better screen. But the S4 does all things well. The screen is fantastic. The camera is very good. It runs any app you can think of. It has tons of space and has an SD card slot. The battery is swappable. The call quality is pretty good. Samsung's TouchWiz interface, while not as pretty as HTC's, is more pure Android than others and it's functional and flexible. It has more sensors than you knew you needed. Accessories are easy to find because this phone is so popular - and there's a reason for that. It's a fantastic phone. The cons, really, are not so much cons as tradeoffs. The phone is light because it's plastic - you're gonna want a good case for insurance. Battery life when all the bells and gizmos are turned on is mediocre. And maybe the speaker phone quality is only ok. Physically, those are only things wrong with it. Also, AT&T, like pretty much all mobile companies, is evil, but maybe more evil than most. Just stay low and get the right plan. Really, the biggest gripe I have with this phone is that it makes me feel like an idiot sometimes - and I'm not the dimmest bulb in the package. It has soooo many features and you will never use them all. You'll never use more than three or four of the included Samsung or AT&T apps. The coolest features won't work the way you think they should work unless you dive into the sub-sub-submenus and look for tutorials online. The phone will randomly do things you didn't ask it to - but it's your fault, because you did a swipe when you should have flicked. She's a wonderful woman, the S4, but you'll never truly understand her. If it sounds like I'm coming down hard on the S4, I'm not - far from it. I love that it has features I've only begun to discover (I've had it just over a month). I gave it 5 stars because I really don't care that I don't know everything about this phone - the mere fact that it CAN do all those things is amazing. Yes, she's amazing, that S4. Now if she'll just quit making me feel stupid all the time...I love my phone but after certain period of time my phone says sim not inserted restart phone. But my sim is in there so I have to power off and extract sim and put in again and then it works again. But it's so frustrating.Ordered 2 on July 23rd through We Buy Mobile and they got here on the 25th when they were originally scheduled to get here on the 29th! Both phones run great, only complaints are one came in unlocked and the other locked and one phone was a little dirtier than the other, but easily wiped off and the metal paint surrounding the edge was a little chipped. But it's a used phone that's expected. Might need to get an extra battery or a decent charger if you buy. All around satisfied and would buy from here again if I needed another phone.I'm upgrading from the S2 Skyrocket, which is a great phone. This S4 is super awesome! It's all I wanted and much more. The camera is amazing.The 1080p display on this phone is super bright and looks amazing. Long battery life. 2 gigs of ram make this phone a beast. It's fast. Love this phone!Go for the 32 gig because I'm already getting warnings about not enough device space (most of my apps and all of my music, photos, etc are saved on an SD). Condition was fantastic for a used device though!Lasted a year before having glitches. Gave me a year to save for a real one from my cell phone provider.This was bought for my significant other's birthday. He loves it, his first smart phone. But what was great about it was when we did our trip across country there was nothing we couldn't ask Google. Everything from how far away something was to finding RV camps. It does great photos also!I love th I s phone. It is everything I expected. I only take pictures, talk and text. Everything else is a bonus. I. Am not into being on the phone or playing games all the time, so it is perfect for me. Easy to operate.The phone was perfect. Packaged well and looking good. Even the Att personnel who activated it wanted to know where I got the phone as they said it was one of their most popular phones and they no longer had them new like this one. It was a gift and the recipient is still raving about it.I was very lucky to get a black friday sale and got this phone for .01! Although I was prepared to spend up to $150 with upgrade and it would have been worth that! Amazing phone, and now that Google Play has plenty of apps no need to sit with my small iphone screen. The large screen is great for watching videos and even non mobile websites feel easy to navigate.This phone is a good phone for the time. But the seller who sold this to me likely got rid of it with the few simple problems he/she was having: thankfully I'm good with technology so I was able to fix the GPS and the power button issue that occurred almost immediately when I got the phone. Thankfully, many people have had these problems and there is a lot of videos showing how to troubleshoot/fix GPS tracking issues and power button getting stuck.Too much bloatware I'll never use and can't delete. It's always wanting to update and load my memory w junk. Pay attn Samsung! Not all users are young and always on public sharing sites. The phone works well for me...intuitive, easy to use.Superb customer support. Shipped and arrived early and as advertised if not better than. Very impressed by the quality of my purchase. Will use 2ndLife for my next phone purchase and highly recommend them to my friends and familyI am so happy with this phone, the photographs are amazing, and easily taken with the mode options allowing panoramic to action shots to be easily dialed in. I love the system management screen that slides down to put all settings easily available. I havnt added a card but im happy that this phone is easily expandable to 32 gigs, overall this is a great phone.Unable to make calls. Did not ring on my end, yet connected the call. The person on the other end would only hear loud screeching! Really liked the quality of the camera and the rear speaker put out some good sound when watching videos/listening to music.5 months of having this phone and out of nowhere the screen started to turn blue slowly from the corners working their way towards the middle of the phone, for the price it should have lasted a lot longer than 5 months and that's with a protective case and screen protector on it.Item arrived Very Fast and was in better condition than described. Screen had no scratches at all and the only sign of use were very small scuffs on the back plastic. Definitely will recommend this product from Buy Max Store. A little note: In case you skipped over this detail, the phone does NOT come with a charger and the battery in mine needed charged so if you dont have a spare charger make sure you order one.The phone was crap. There was something wrong with the sim card reader and 4 times a day I had to restart the phone so it could work. In middle of a phone call it would shut the phone off saying no sim card. I won't buy from them again.It works beautifully! I didn't want to spend a ton on a new phone. This was reasonably priced and I just had to move the sim cardVisually the phone was in excellent condition and overall functions well. However the battery is shot (I've had to charge it twice already today with minimal use and it's already dropped to 50% again) I purchased a new battery for $20? Hopefully it fixes it. Just wish they would have tested the batteryThis phone is amazing! coming from an iphone then to a gs3, then to this i'll just say it's a big leap forward in thinking! so glad I left the shackles of apple and excelled my digital life!Wasn't the quality I was expecting, it was even better! The phone was basically brand new with minimum wear on the bumper part, the screen was flawless and runs perfect! I was so worried the phone would be noticeably used but its not, at all! I had to contact customer service about shipping and they were very nice and did everything they could to make me happy, which is amazing! I would definitely suggest buying from here and I will be making another purchase very soon!Tough not to love this phone - even if it's my wife's. We are now a family complete - both with Samsung Androids. The number of convenience features, including the larger screen on the S4 make this phone a delight for us seniors. Plus we needed to Google "twerking" ..no problemo with 4G LTE. Man, this is living.Good quality.I've waited a little bit to write this review. I'll NEVER buy something Refinished Agian! Galaxy S4 did just like a few reviews I read did.Worked about 5 weeks,,now won't go past start menuThis is actually my first review that I'm writing about an item I've purchased on Amazon. It's understandable that you wouldn't want to purchase an outdated phone for its retail price. When you buy phones under the "used" category you must read the descriptions very carefully. I had an HTC One but previously had a Galaxy s4, until it broke and it had to be replaced twice. With that said, these phones are very fragile. I ordered my phone from MobilePC and it was in perfect, brand new condition. If you are planning on buying a used phone on Amazon, I would highly recommended MobilePC.Received the phone. Excellent condition. Only thing I disliked was that it was locked by at but that is an easy fix. I can always get a prepaid at plan or go to a postpaid at plan.This phone does so much more than I expected. So far it performs great and has many features that allow you to increase its performance.just an awesome phone. I'm still using this phone and will be for a while since ATT took the free phones with contract renewals away.Product received 8 days after 1 day delivery, missing manual, charging cavle, & wall charger, with no corrective action or replacement parts offered. At least phone worked. . . .Absolutely great phone for a great price ($50) amazon offered with 2 yrs contract! No other retailer could beat this price. The phone comes with amazing features and battery life. The apps run fast and is very responsive.I really did. This is my second time trying out the S4. Touchwiz ruins the Android experience. The user interface (UI) is a jittery, jerky, stuttering, spastic mess. To all of those who say iPhone 5 is better, you're right. The iPhone 5 IS better than this phone. For a phone with this hardware it should be a smooth experience. And the "new features" are pretty useless. You find yourself never using them. There's nothing practical about waving your hand across your phone when you can flip through or scroll with the thumb on the hand you're holding it with. Multi Window is not a must have. The eye/face tracking thing takes too long to capture your face/eye movement. I'm waiting on the Nexus 5 and KitKat. I want pure Android. I'm sick of the bloatware and useless stock apps. Thanks a lot, Samsung. This device could have gone into the "Hall of Fame" of smartphones. Instead you butchered it with your buggy software. Touchwiz is from Satan. I work with a guy who just bought the Note 3. I even noticed a tiny bit of stutter when I swiped through homescreens on it. All that sweet hardware being held back by mediocre software.My camera failed, have tried all suggestions on resetting, and still not working correctly. This is a known problem showing up on the Internet. I. Purchased this phone because of the camera. Love then phone , while cam was working.She came from an iphone 4 so of course this phone is godlike to her lol. its a good phone and specs are really good. its plagued by samsungs terrible software and slow carrier updates but i rooted it with cyanogenmod 11 and its a beast.I bought this being very skeptical because it's used and the cheapest phone on amazon. But I'm pleased to say that the phone came looking brand new and was in great shape. And now couple months later is still working. Good phone and great price.The phone is easy to work. There is a lot of applications that are not necessary for these phones. When in the app section the advertising is ridiculous and trying to get out of the advertising is almost impossible! I don't think all of the information is necessary, the gps and other applications are great, of course you have the garbage also.Came in quickly, great condition and unlocked. Thank you!!!DO NOT BUY!! You are better off paying $400+ for a phone that will actually work. This phone was a complete waste of money. It randomly shuts off and will not turn on until it is plugged in again and will not hold a battery charge.This phone is absolutely awesome. There are so many cool options to choose from for everything you can think of. It is easy and fun to use. I have never spent so much time on a phone as I do with this one. There are so many setting options for the phone that actually work as advertised. Like the option to pause videos when you look away. The first thing I did was try it and it worked! This is by far the best phone I've come across. There are still so many cool things I'm discovering about it. Like the screenshot option, for example. Love this phone! I Can't stress that enough.I love this phone and looks great for a used phoneGot this to replace a broken S4 and it works exactly like the original with our AT&T service.I just had to buy another cell phone. This phone I purchased, the back button stop working within 4 months.Bought it used and the battery life is terrible doesn't hold the charge at all other than that it's fine I guessI bought this phone in June. It is now July 18th and it already has stopped working. Power button stopped working, and then phone started turning off by itself and now it won't turn on at all, even when I plug it in or do a factory reset. It was too good to be true for $90. Don't buy, it will break. Didn't even last two months...really disappointed.Came fast works flawlessly you can tell it's used but the screen is perfect and that's the most important thing I keep mine in a case anyway niceIt's a good phone but it keeps turning off and when we download an app for the phone it does not download correctly to the device and does not show up anywhere on the phone. What type of warranty do we have on this phone from ordering it through Amazon from AT&T servicer??? I now have to take it to a local store to see if they can fix it.Broke two months after purchase. Horrible battery life. One drop on a wood floor while cased was enough to kill the screen. The reset phone.Right from the beginning every other picture was coming corrupted - can't be viewed. The very same pictures could be seen just fine in other phones such as iPhone, NOKIA and very own Samsung. Went to ATT store twice. Spent hours. Was told that this is not their problem, they are just providers. Call ATT support - same result. Spent unpleasant hours with the diff. Samsung tech support reps - no help at all . In fact, they were rude and arrogant. Went to so called "Samsung Experience" store at Best Buy. No help either. Was told that this is software problem, and Samsung is just building hardware/phones. Google is actually responsible for software. Eventually forced Samsung to give me authorization to send phone back. Received it in a week later - still the same problem. Will NEVER BUY any Samsung products again.I bought this phone at the end of February and by the end of May it just stopped working. I bought a new battery, and it still doesn't work. Its turns on but only to show "Samsung galaxy S4" then shuts back off. So disappointing spend over $100 and to lose all of the info and pictures on the phone.I like the phone but the camera SUCKS. I want a phone with a nice camera. I might be returning this phone unless someone can figure out why my pictures come out so hazy.After reading the reviews and my wife with the same phone, she love's it and so I decided to purchase one myself, and it definitely a nice phone and I would recommend it to my friends.I got this for a penny from the comfort of my couch before Black Friday rather than fighting the crowds. I switched from the iPhone 4S and can't imagine going back to a smaller screen.Awesome and sturdy phone. Even though it was refurbished, you can't even tell. Downgrading to 4 stars because one very simple fall cracked the screen.The Galaxy S4 was a great deal on Amazon Mobile, and the phone arrived on-time. There are a few things I don't like about the phone, and there are some things I like. PROS: -It sports a 5" screen which is great, and the screen is very vibrant in my opinion. -Jelly Bean 4.3 has worked terrifically on this phone, and there really isn't any lag. -Speakerphone works pretty well, and the speakers are loud. -Attractive design with the metallic looking bezel and form factor makes it fit well in my hand. -13MP rear camera takes very good pictures, and the HiDef recording is also a plus. CONS: -Battery drains very quickly on this phone. (External battery backup is highly recommended for this phone) -Some games do lag with graphics. -The phone does crash multiple times even after the latest update. -Samsung's "Smart Scroll" feature doesn't work half the time, and a lot of those "cool" features only work at least for my device when I am in really bright sunlight. All in all it is a good phone, but I don't in my opinion think it was worth going from as S3 to an S4. Too bad the S4 didn't have the same mAH battery that is found in the Note 2 which I have used in which the battery could go through the whole day without a charge. I would still recommend this phone to someone who wants an Android phone.Excellent phone just needs longer battery life.Really like this phone.Bought this as a gift for my sister. She loves it. It came as described. It was in the original box, no scratches.this phone is everything I hoped it would be and more. It's easy to use lots; of good apps the camera is terrific. Would recommend this phone to anyone?The phone arrived before the estimated arrival time. The phone looks brand new with the protective coating on it, and it came fully charged. After work I will go to AT&T to get a new SIM card since my current phone has a mini and this one takes a micro card. I will update the review/feedback once I am able to use the phone but so far, so good. I am very happy with the product.My first smart phone and I love how easy it is to use! It has and does everything I wanted in a phone and the battery does well compared to other smart phones in my family. After seeing what it does, my mom wants one now!!Be aware . This is not s4. This s4miniLove my samsung. The picture quality is awesome I love the tools my only complaint is that somehow I always call people after I'm done texting. Other than that I love it.I bought this in very good condition and guess what! It really was! very happy with this one, just wish they had given me a charger.Great phone worth every penny.Bought on Amazon new, I have had issues with the camera and pictures. 95% of the pictures I have taken end up corrupt and I lose them. As I didn't buy this phone from my carrier they will not even look at my phone. I am disappointed with this purchase, guess my next phone will be a go phone.Defective phone, responsive company.I just received my phone today. It arrived early, works smoothly right out of the box, and the screen is flawless! The only "use" i see is some slight marks on the edge, but they're so small they're barely noticeable. I highly recommend this product and this seller!The telephone that I purchased was a refurbished item and was in great shape and works well.If you can cope with being three generations behind, then this phone is for youVery good device. I received it from JP Mobiles within two days from time of order. The device was in excellent condition. I have trouble with SIM cards at first and found that the issue is not enough pressure being placed on the SIM. So I found online a little trick to get it to work.Smooth fluid functionality....quick response.....great screen size for watching videos/movies..but wish the battery was a little better.....I use it a lot and charge it once a day.....when used less can come upto 2 days.......overall its great !Samsung has always been a phone of my choice since it was first created. LOVE LOVE LOVE MY NEW Phoneafter only 2 months the wifi on the phone will not work... Don't buy...they are lemonsExcellent phone that works well. Arrived on time. Only complaint is only had the phone about a month and already the left earbud on the headset that came with phone has stopped working :-(Phone is all good so far. About 3 weeks so it's good as new.As advertised ATT smartphone. Had a few minor dings in the bezel, but overall in great working conditions. Excellent replacement phone for the one my daughter had broken. Arrived prior than indicated and with a 30 day warranty. Great deal for a great price!Works great.love te s4 just bought it for a friend cause she needed a new phone and its a good phone to start with if you have never used an android phoneworks perfect. i love itI liked the phone itself, but it stopped working two weeks ago, I've only had it for 4 months. One day it just stopped charging, and I was told it was unfix-able.Cancelled my order so never used this phone. But still think the s4 is a great phonewe never have even tried to use a smart phone, and this phone is very easy to learn and use.The phone totally broke. No fixing it.Excellent phone. I love everything about it, super easy to set up and use. Works perfectly.Excellent phone. I love everything about it, super easy to set up and use. Works perfectly.As expected - Not top of the line but works fine for my needsGreat product even better price"Very nice phone but was not new had a plastic screen protector on it when I received it.Very nice phone!My husband really likes the galaxy s4, but it kept giving him a message regarding the Sims card. Even after replacing it twice at the AT&T store. We tried to see if we could get a replacement, but was told we couldn't. He was not happy.still running strongKept saying the sim was coming loose and would randomly turn off a few times a day. This one sold by BREED.The phone works well. Images are crisp, phone looks brand new, had no trouble putting in my SIM card and immediately using the phone. However, I ordered a Samsung Galaxy S4 as the product description states, and received a mini instead, meaning the case and screen protector I also ordered are now useless to me and I'll have to purchase others. I'm too far along in my pregnancy to make a big deal out of getting the correct phone and/or returning the items I can't use, but you should take care to describe your product accurately. I feel duped. It is 16GB, and came in the correct color. So, buyer beware - if you're here looking to buy a Galaxy S4, you will receive a "mini" version instead.I am impressed by the functionality of this phone. The swiping text feature is a great improvement from typing on a phone screen. The learning curve for this phone is the only negative.Phone was a lot better than described. A+lots of features that we have never used before and easy to learn and large screen and great color to seeLoved it but saw note and wanted the pen. Await arrival.Item came much faster than quoted. Super great deal, phone is like new! So happy!I had an Iphone for 6 years so I was a little worried about "jumping ship" to an Android. I really wanted a bigger screen. It took me two weeks to talk myself into it but I'm so glad I did. It has a quite a few nice features that the Iphone does not and the 1080 display is awesome for movies and games.Very happy with my purchase. It's said was in "Very Good Conditions" but in fact it looks brand new, I don't see any scratches at all and works like a charm. It came right on time. No complaints at all.I was apprehensive about using this phone but I love it.Really good phone for 1 cent with a contract it cannot get any better than thatLOVE my phone. I have had some really bad luck with phones. This one has been wonderful so far.gorgeousRan through a battery twice a day. Bought a brand new battery. Now it lasts one whole day. Phone not up to par.Second time I've had to update the software.not sure why,but when it reverts back I can't hear phone call or receive messages.hopefully this dose not continue.Great and on time. I love the S4!!!The phone was chipped and scratched pretty bad on both sides of the phone. Thank goodness I have a phone case that will cover this. It was in pretty bad shape. The screen was perfect though, that is why I have it more than one star.The phone was as expected and I am very pleased Thank youfast delivery, looks good, almost brand new, works just fineI received it as I expect, on time. The cell was charged, so I did not realize that the charger do not work at that time. During 29 days in use, the cellphone got hot twice and I don not know why. Anyway I decided keep it. Im waiting the replacement charger. That is why I give 4 star onlywhat can i say... it's a samsung.My phone didn't even last a week. First the charger stopped working. Then I bought a new one. Now my charging port went out.Phone was great, but battery life sucked. Replace the battery right away cus they give you some old cheap battery to start with.Great phone does everything I need it to and more.Samsung has it going on makes android even better than applegreat!!!Decent phone for the moneyexellentReally like the phone only one issue it won't auto connect to my wifi .I have to turn it off and back on then will connect. Dealing with !!!Came before stated time works great.Phone came in an excellent condition. Works properly, no complains so far.No complaints so far, but I'll update my review as time goes on! Very impressed coming from an iPhone 5.Really great phone! The phone was given to our granddaughter for Christmas, and she is so very pleased with it.Great phone lots of cool features . Love it.The S4 phone is a high quality phone but is known for defective sim card readers.Thank goodness for Amazon Prime and their representatives! The product functioned properly, but had significant cosmetic damage and was not "like new". Fortunately the Amazon representative was there with a number of solutions to save the day.The phone has some problems... it wants to restart a lot because it won't detect the SIM Card after a couple of hours of operation, even though the card is present and secured properly; reseated card several times -- sometimes it works, sometimes not so muchGreat phone for free! Love it!Great phone and easy to use. Perfect condition and accessories all with this phone. Delivery was quick and easy.Got it earlier than expected so happy thank youBest phone I have brought to date!Phone came new as promised. Has performed as all Samsung Galaxy products do, excellent! My only regret was my last phone was the Note and this screen is obviously a bit smaller. I would order again from this supplier.I love this phone. It does what I want it to and not what it wants to. Thank you and God Bless. BillWas working fine for few weeks now it keep saying sim card remove. I have to keep turn it back off and on to get it to work. Please don't buy!!!Excellent smartphone with lots of features Pros- good screen resolution, camera with plenty of options works good in daylight Cons- battery requires to be charged once in 24 hours even if not used, camera doesn't function well in low light. Overall Best value for the price. Excellent smartphoneI lile the ability to multi screen. This is a great feature that I was unable to find on any other phone. Lots of other useful things as well.so phone much galaxythis is the second galaxy really like itBought this phone and it lasted 2 months. Now stuck in recovery mode and want come out. Waste of 100 bucks.It was in very good condition as the title said. Works well.Excellent but delicate. This phone does everything I could want and more basically replacing my old tablet. However, the phone is so delicate that a slight drop with a protective case is enough to cripple it (we had two, dropped one).Phone was for my mother, she loves itGreat phoneWhen I first got the phone I was really happy with how good of a condition it was in, until once the warranty went out it started having hardware issues. It is a beautiful phone I just wished it worked as well as it looks.This is a great phone. I go it on an upgrade with my carrier. I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone who wants an excellent smartphone.Great Phone.Phone for my dad, he likes it alotFor a new replacement phone that was still in the original in box the price was excellent. The phone works great thanksWithin 2 months, it is broken....(_)BROKEN - DOES NOT WORK. Well I am completely unhappy with this phone purchase. I bought it to replace a stolen phone, that amazingly was returned. But I decided to keep this phone as a just in case back up. Well today (many month later) I tried to switch over to it and am told that the phone is broken and unable to be activated. It has remained in its original box since purchase on a shelf, so there shouldn't be any problems with it when activating. Of course, it is out of the window for return eligibility. So the only thing I can do is warn others against purchasing. I really wish I could just get a replacement product that would work properly. If I could give ZERO stars I would. A complete WASTE OF MONEY.Day 2 and now the phone won't work, the screen won't light up it's just black. The phone was charged  up. Want my money back.I wanted the older model of the galaxy because of the price and was very impressed, I've always liked Samsung phones and the GS4 was up to par with my expectations and I got a great deal as well!Description did not mention it was a mini. Ordered thinking it was regular s4. Still works good for what I use as phone and text.GoodI bought this phone back in November and I had really liked it at first but it ended up having a hardware problem where it couldn't detect my SIM card. :(Totally solid phone. Feels up to date over two years later.Phone came with cracks in the plastic rim that surrounds the screen. Also the screen malfunctions when phone temperature reaches over 90 degrees F. Replacement procedures would leave me without a phone for weeks.Exactly as described.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE!!!!! I have never left a review for anything even though I have been shopping on Amazon for all off my purchases for years. This review is in no way against Amazon or the seller but instead against the manufacturer. I am just hoping to spare someone what happened to me. I got this phone for one of my son's for Christmas. I took it to an AT&T store 2 days before Christmas to be sure the line was activated right and to get a SIM card for the phone. My son opened the phone on Christmas morning and right from the start calls and texts would not go in or out. Only a few went through for days. I called at&t twice to resolve the issue and was told during the second call that the s4 has issues connecting to ANY network. The manager of the advanced technical support said that at&t won't even sell them anymore because of that issue and also an issue with the SIM card coming out on its own. My husband and I each have a s5 active and 2 of my other boys have a s5. Both off the boys phones were bought on Amazon and work fine. There just seems to be problems with the s4.Absolutely the worst thing ever bought. Every 3 minutes it says "sim card not detected. Restart now" and then turns off. Takes over 8 hours to charge. Came with no back.Samsung are the best phones.I updated from a Palm to the Samsung Galaxy S4 and love it. I am now in the current century. Quality is great and AT&T has been outstanding with their service. Still need to figure out all the apps but I couldn't be more pleased.This phone is awesome. Fast, completely customizable, and easy to use. This is the best battery life I've ever had on a smartphone, even using WiFi it lasts all day without a charge. I highly recommend.high speed processor and amazing functions. i want to recommend everyone. samsung galaxy s4 is better than everything else, great.good product thanks is excelent Galaxy S4 is an incredible phone. I have been using this unlocked S4 for past 2 days helping a friend to migrate from iPhone 4S. My friend has been on iPhone and it also gave me a unique perspective. I used iPhone for couple of years and been using AndroidSamsung galaxy S4 is by far the best phone I've ever had. Was so used to iPhones that I thought I would be disappointed but the S4 is a superior phone. Only downside is in my opinion iTunes is head and shoulders above google play.love it very cool works greatPhone arrive just as promised, looked great and worked well for 90 days...now phone is dead. Lesson learned!Works great no problems at all!Phone came in perfect condition. Have been using since I received with no issues.Very impressed with my first month. Just a not so long battery life. Had to order a charger case. But I'm very happy with it.Got for granddaughter she loves absolutely pleases with purchase.Like very muchI purchased this phone as a gift and it was received with joy. An upgraded Android OS other than advertised.Love itIt took a little long to finally receive it, but it works well so far.Products not representative of advertisementsPaid for an s4, and got a mini! Very displeased!Refurbished but like brand new. Very satisfiedLove this phoneVery good. I like itThis sucks always dieing probably gave me a used battery I hardly use it and it dies all the time waste of moneygot it right away, new as advertised, works great.S-4 is still a worthy piece of technology that keeps up with most of tasks you can put it through!Great phone, comes packaged very well, great buyThe Samsung S4 I purchased was defective and would not connect with Wi Fi. I tried to contact the seller but no response. not happyI love the Galaxy S4! The size is perfect! The camera takes GREAT photos! The sound isn't as loud as some other phones but this doesn't bother me.I got this phone all cracked up. The back case and the screen had some scratch on it and. Some damage on the side.The equipment was AT&T locked no manuals books or any instructions on how to activate the equipment basically it has been a nightmareOverall very happy with phone, learning a lot of cool things. Only problem ....... need more battery life! Other than that, wish I had got this phone sooner. Way better than overrated iPhone.great but one problem with this phone is that when you having a conversation, the other party stopped hearing youWithin three days of getting the phone it would not function properly and stopped charging. However the return process was smooth and without problems.has everything you need. happy i didnt get the S5. Great size and glad it came with headphones. upgraded from S2Phone works great I love my new cell only thing was I ordered a white Samsung Galaxy S4 but received a black one instead.Received in perfect condition and I love this phone. I will buy again. Also it came in 3 days.The phone was just what they said it would be. It was in better condition then I thought it would be. It didn't have any marks on it at all. Great deal. Thank youLove it!My phone came faster than the estimated date. I brought my phone used but it does not look used at all. It look like it's fresh out the box. Absolutely love itWorks great, couldn't askin for a better phoneI was very happy with the phone then I realized no matter what i do to the time settings the phone falls behind. if I reset the phone its the right time and then it falls behind. Can someone help me?Exactly as advertised. Very much enjoying it. Great price.Just love this phone.Four days after I bought it the charger port went out. Phone wouldn't charge for no reason at all. It looked brand new and still failed to meet my expectations of ATLEAST a used phone.phone was lockedThis phone has been extremely impressive since day one I received it. Just the capabilities this phone has to offer has excelled my last phone, the Motorola Photon.Very goodThis phone is amazing I love it. Only problem I have with it is done apps stop working after a while of using the app for a long period of time and I have to restart my phoneI tried 2 phones from other stores on line and had problems with them. This one functions perfectPhone was delivered earlier than expected and it was working great, until it starts automatically restarting and shutting down.This model has many improvements from the s3. the phone was well packaged I am very pleased with it.I bought this phone and it had scratches all over the back of it and chips on the top and bottom of the phone.Great shipping times exactly as describedIt's cool and free. Big screen. Battery heats up sometimes. Keyboard is cluttered vs iphone. Typing worries, new word is not stored for future. Works ok but Improvement needed.Haven't had this phone long at all and it just shuts off random and won't come back on unless I plug it in even if it 100% batteryThis phone is truly awesome! Samsung outdid themselves with this one. A must have!!! I'm still trying to figure out why there are so many iPhone users?!?!A paper users guide would be nice for us old school people other wise perfect.Great phone but I'm having issues receiving messages sometimes I have to restart it in order to receive themHappy with the phone. Excellent camera. Good battery life. Deducted one star because of all the Samsung and AT&T bloatware that the phone comes with.My father loves the phone, looks brand new.Fast delivery works great what more can you ask for!!Battery very lowBought as a gift for teenager and they were very satisfied. So it must be a good buy.The phone "was great" until the pixels started decaying. Now the whole screen is purple!! Cant used the cell anymore, that's the risk you run with used phones.The phone is nice can't say anything else because it belongs to the wife now. Enough-Said.Phone stopped working after 3 months. Doesn't read any Sim card.GreatIts definitely a great phone in excellent condition.Phone was like brand newIt's the greatest phone ever. Simple, yet full of options.I have no complaints. The phone is beautiful and does everything that I need it to do. The size, high tech features, and design are all pluses.The phone itself is decent. Samsung's OEM craplets make the phone frustrating to use at times. If you can re-image it with a pure version of Android it works better. Camera doesn't seem to take very good pictures. Screen is nice though, and it's very light. Battery life is decent, but doesn't come charged.Love the phone. Have problems with it sometimes but I remove the battery alot to refresh the phone. Would not have choose any other phoneYou can not hear out of the ear piece to use the phone. Tried to email about an exchange and couldntArrived quickly after I ordered it and I love it:)Amazing phone, latest features and specs. Good to watch videos, browse web, take pictures and pretty much anything. Has micro sd card slot for anybody needing more space.Absolutely love this phone. I got much sooner than expected.Didn't get the white phone received a black phone but the agent was good he adjusted the priceBest phone I have ever had, camera works good, does not bomb out and require rebooting, display is really clear, battery last at least one full dayIts working great..Love the large screen.Came on time and for being used it looked brand new and works great!!It was in excellent shape, worked perfectly, and was as good as could be expectedGreat phone, has more features than I will ever use. I can't find anything about this phone that I don't like. I give it a 10 out of 10.When I first bought my phone the battery did not last, then when contacted him about the battery Him/Her sent me one for free. thank you again so much.Overall good phone, 16GB can be a little too low for some people.excellent condition, works wellThis phone is awesomeI love my phone...Have had no problem with the device or getting it used with straight talk!So far I haven't had any trouble out of the phone. Arrived on time. I definitely recommendSim cards weren't able to be read. It worked for 3 hours, I turned it off and back on. Nothing!!!!!!son loves his birthday giftGreat. Performance is like monster. .It works more than my expectations. I was about to buy tab but dropped thr idea after getting this. ..The device is sleek, light but sturdy. Not too small, not too big, just right. Works just like my Samsung tablet...very easy.Loving this cell phone, it does everything and more what I'm asking on cell phone. ..thats all I can say about this photoPhones very slow but its good.Great phoneAs advertised, no issues so far.Wrong information on service provider.Excellent condition, haven't had any problems with it!I love my new phone! I could have gotten a s5, but I just like the s4 better.In the short time .I have had a blast the phone is a work of art It is magnificent.I'm learning something new every single dayVery good productGreat device. Why spend big bucks for an iPhone? The Galaxy S4 has all the features I need and much more.Best phone ever.Will probably the S 5 when it comes out.Our whole family has S 4 phones(4).Just love this phone.Excited all my expectations. Fantastic quality camera.large screen. Better than a laptop . easily plugs into my 52 inch TV with HD.No..The phone kept saying no sim card detected so i would have 2 restart the phone so it would work.Very pleased with my purchase.First of all the battery life sucks. I need to re-charge it every four hours. And I have yet to figure out how to make it move with the swipe of my hand. I have only had it two days so I will come back to edit my review later.So far I am happy with my cell,..It is everything they said it was,..I am still learning all of the features on it,...I glad I changed from the I-phone, the galaxy phone was priced right, has a larger screen, lighter and easier to useGreat! Received product as advertised. Works fine.Everything was perfectThe phone came in perfect condition. No scratches or anything. Very happy with this purchase.Very good phone and in very good conditionWorks great!Daughter loves it.Great seller. All as staated.Phone so good works goodAwesome.No scratches,cracks........I'am OVERLY PLEASE!Met expectations.My son wanted this phone. He loves it. I also bought the billfold case to go with it and he loves both.La pula no sirenI love my new phone! It is big and you can read it well! Thanks!It's awesomeAll goodStill learning all the features but I like it a lot.They sent 16gb phone to me instead of 32gb buy the time I noticed I was too late to return but paid 32gb price. So, Check if they send you the correct GB size before use. Few months later, I had problems with a message pop-up saying sim-card not detected when there was a sim card installed. You just have to reset the phone. Tried but failed, were taking the sim card out and in again, then get a new sim card. There are no permeant Fixes for it. Just when an got a Nexus.Impeccable conditionI love it.samsung is a good make.Just like it said good shape no problem with itreally nice looked brand newGood as new.Love it ! Best phone ever!!so far so great. i love this product!!Not very durable.Great phoneToo much bloatware.Perfect condition and works great!This phone is wonderful with all it's features, another Samsung product that didn't disappoint. The screen is big enough and very crisp and sharp.Worked great other than the camera, which never worked. Had to return it, now the prices have risen, Can't afford another one.great phoneThe absolute worst phone ever.....constantly shuts off without warning. Would not recommend this at all! I would give it ZERO stars if I could!Seems a black phone comes with white cords, and I was told I could chose my number which after signing up I wasn't the programs have issues, to from text scrambled, weather won't up date for days sometimes...My first android. I previously used a Windows phone, Avoiding apple products at all cost. I liked the inter conectivity between the win phone and my computer. But when it died I had to look for a new phone. Samsung is the tops so I knew what i needed. The S4 hasnt let me down yet. Not a fan of the 'bloat ware'" preinstalled, Or the adds on my lock screen from many of the 'free' aps, My windows phone didnt have this. Beyond these and a few other small faults. I am in love, Finally get to use the real versions of some of my favorite apps and its strong enough to game. With the right the headphones the phone is spectacular. I had to train the battery, At first it couldnt hold a charge for more than 4 - 6 hours of just being on standby. Letting it run dead and charging it to 100% a few times 'trained' the battery to the point it can last around 14 - 18 hours, Or roughly 9 - 10 hours of listening to music without pause. One thing I am unpleased with and the only thing to this point, The AI on this phone sucks. With my windows phone, I could press a butten telling it to shuffle my music and it would, playing random song after random song without pause till i told it to. Yet when i tell my galaxy to shuffle music it proceeds to search the internet for the term, Shuffle music.SweetExtremely disappointed! Purchased for a gift and by the time the gift was received and it was discovered the phone was defective it was to late to return it. The phone was suppose to have 4G capabilities and it does not according to three different professionals. Not sure if the phone is bootlegged or just defective but nothing but "edge" is available. I feel I was scammed out of $249.00' will never purchase anything from Amazon again.....niceIt worked at first, but it then decided to shut off and never turn back on. I'm not sure this reflects the seller, but my phone completely broke after 3 weeks or so. The seller was very helpful with my return though, so there is no complaint there. The phone was the main issue.had bugs in the first week of having the phone. I expected a little bit more than what I got...I purchased the "open box", no contract phone. It arrived sooner than expected and it came with everything as promised and packaging was like new. I waited a few months before writing this review to see if anything would go wrong. Still works, still in the new condition it arrived in, accessories still work...I'm still very happy.I love it, everything that's neededGot the phone looks good but it has the no sims detected problem, fast shipping was good.I bought this phone to replace my Iphone 5. Love it so far. Easy to use and love the screen size.super phone works greatThis unit failed to work.Love itI switched from a iphone and I love the big screen. It super fast and has not crashed yet. I think my will get one now. S4Great phone and easy to useA STEP ABOVE THE I-PHONE AND I REALLY ENJOY IT! EASY TO USE, FUN AND TRULY A GOOD PURCHASE! I AM ENJOYING THIS PHONE AS IT IS LARGE AND EASY TO USE!The phone has trouble starting up and occasionally asks to be restarted because it's not reading the Sim cardThis phone is awesome and there's so much to do to customize it. I recommend this phone to any and everyone.Really great phone also really cheap, great quality screen the air controls are a bit funny havent got the hang of it yet however great deal for value.Was not gsm unlocked. Had to take device and pay separately to be able to use. Also, black mist was ordered and I was shipped blue.I am very satisfied with my new phone. I just have to figure out all of the features on the phone!This phone gets reception in my den without me having to get up and sit next to a window. Large screen for old eyes and easy to learn.The phone arrived on time and works perfectly.My daughter is very happy with her phone.....It didn't work. No ringer. I returned itIt is scam...I use this phone 2 month only. IT is junk phonePurchased galaxy s4 in November and now it dosnt work at all??I doesn t come with memory and earphonevery goodSamsung is greatest.NiceI call people. Sometimes they answer.Good one for a whileIt's nice ...but the have made it hard to get away from privacy with this phone. .I'm sure only few know what I mean by that statement.Did not meet my needs thought I was buying the Galaxy Mega and recieved the Galaxy S4, I am in the process of reordering the Galaxy Mega today.So many issues, where do I start? Frozen screens daily. Gets super hot when in use. Keyboard is a joke. Camera is mediocre. This phone is not what it's cracked up to be.I have been using this phone for a year and I love it! I am not going to comment on the specs of the phone as you can read it in the product description, but here are my thoughts on its usability. Compared to its predecessor, the S3, this phone has a better finish. The screen is slightly bigger than the S3, but the size of the phone remains pretty much the same. It fits in your jeans pocket very easily due to its slim design, but also is has good hand feel and isn't too slippery to fall out of your hand. Like previous androids this has a lot of flexibility with user options. I am a big fan of the air gestures that allow you to swipe over the phone without touching it to see notifications and time without unlocking the phone. Also since it can track eye movements, pausing/playing of the videos when you look away/back and scrolling of emails as you read through them without using your fingers is amazing! It is easy to configure these things in the setting and really make the phone a powerhouse of a tool at your disposal! Even with new phones coming out everyday, this is not a gimmick phone to only make a fashion statement, but a phone that you can reliably use to do almost everything - and do everything well for a very long time!I definitely prefer samsung over apple but after having a samsung galaxy s3, and an s4 I am pretty sure I am moving on from samsung for several reasons. I will be sticking with the android market and I won't go near the apple market. But here are my problems with my phones I absolutely loved. First being the charging port. I had an s3 and after some time my charge started to get funky, as in if bumped it would quit charging, chargers had a "sweetspot" and it would only charge if in said sweetspot. I would buy a new charger, all would be well for say, oh I don't know two weeks, then it would start to get finicky again and would last maybe a week and then the charge would stop working all together. I went through literally DOZENS of chargers and four batteries in the last four months I had the phone, I couldn't get a battery to last more than hours. Now when my phone broke I thought it was just my phone that was a fickled bitch. Maybe it was my fault for using it as it charged, maybe I accidentally bent it one time. So when my s3 broken I didn't miss a beat in moving onto an s4. Two months later the charger started acting up again. Two months. Now I am frustrated and believe it to be the samsungs in general that are doing this. After about seven months I accidentally took her swimming with me, paid my $150 deductible to replace the phone and low and behold I am having the exact same problem. I know many other people who have issues with batteries and chargers with their galaxy so it is definitely a reoccurring epidemic. My second problem with the galaxy phone. If you are buying this phone with the anticipation of having 16 GB of memory, DON'T. That's right. Don't. They do NOT have 16 GB of memory. Which was one of my deciding factors in getting the phone in the first place. (When I got my s3 I was using an iphone, debating between upgrading to a new 8gb iphone and choose 16gb s3). You are granted 9 GB a data to use. Yes. Nine. Oh wait, not nine because you have thirty different samsung apps and I have several AT&T apps that take up a good 4-5 GB of data. They can not be deleted. So you really get about FOUR GB of data. I was beyond furious. I have two little boys and I take a ridiculous amount of pictures of them and also was designating my galaxy to be my MP3 player as well. I take everything off of my phone on a monthly basis and upload it onto my computer because I am constantly out of memory. CONSTANTLY. And I have almost no apps on my phone that I've downloaded. The camera annoys me because it can't focus up close. You tap the screen and it focusing and you think alright! And then it will promptly unfocus. Not the end of the world, but has annoyed me enough times that I thought I would throw it in there too. Those are really the only three reasons I am moving on from the Galaxy when my plan expires in just a month and a half. I love the way the system works, the speakers are good, the graphics are good, the screen is nice and bright, I really would like to remain a galaxy user because I've had one for over three years and I'm very comfortable with the system but I've paid for the price of the phone in chargers alone and the storage situation literally infuriated me.I bought this for my fiance back in November for Christmas. He was adamant about replacing his existing Galaxy S4 and was unwilling to switch to a different type of phone. The phone appeared to work well when we first received it however the charger didn't work. I reached out to the seller and they shipped a new charger without a hassle (it works). But only 2 months after using it his battery started draining dramatically. With his old S4 (that he used for 2 years) it would hold a charge for 36 hours. With this new S4 the battery would drop to around 20% by the time 4:00 p.m. rolled around, and after another month it's down to 30% by noon! Which is saying a lot considering he doesn't use any apps (refuses to share his location and contact information) and doesn't use his phone for anything besides texting during the day because he's teaching during that time. He followed the initial proper charging procedures and doesn't use his phone while it's charging. Will reach out to the seller and see if we can get a replacement battery. I'm giving it 2 stars only because the seller was so helpful with the charger, not because of the product! What's the point of having a phone if you can't use it without having the charge it every 4 hours?We have an iPhone 4s, a Galaxy 3 and a Galaxy 4. If you already have a Galaxy 3 I can find little reason to update to the later version. My opinion is that, for most users, if only the iPhone had a big, beautiful screen like the S4 I would stay with Apple hands-down over the Samsung. Why? less complicated to use, better thought-out and engineered "updates," build quality much stronger. In every other way I've seen except for screen size, iPhone blows away the Samsung phones....but that tiny screen on the iPhone is a huge liability for anyone without excellent vision. It also seems to me that for most folks, the endless (and somewhat mindless) menus on the Galaxy phones might be fun for Geeks to play with, but only hugely confusing for the average user. We had AT&T service for years and had no problems with their service, however after my last contract was up I canceled AT&T and went with Consumer Cellular and have had no regrets: same service as AT&T but much MUCH cheaper. The Consumer Cellular Reps I've talked with have also been much more knowledgeable and helpful than the AT&T folks. I have the 3 phones with 15,000 texts, 2 GB data and 2000 anytime minutes for $90/month, at least $50/month less than AT&T....and CC runs on AT&T facilities....check it out....month to month is the only way to go today.The only reason it's inside-the-park is because the Galaxy Note 3 is the blast over the green monster. The way I judge a smartphone's awesomeness is how easy it is to use, how well it integrates into your everyday life, and how it offers pleasant diversions for the down time. Using these three criteria, the S4 succeeds in all of them. The phone is extremely easy to use There has been much debate over which operating system is the best, with a large number of people criticizing Samsung's TouchWhiz as being clunky, outdated, and intrusive. I disagree. In my experience, TouchWhiz has proven to be fast, feature rich, and pleasant to use. Everything I do on a daily basis is quick and intuitive. Benchmark scores (Quadrant and Linpack) prove that, at least as far as the numbers go, the S4 equals or bests most other phones on the market. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a fast, well designed phone that easily handles whatever you throw at it.There are a number of great things about the Galaxy S4, but the huge problem with it outweighs them. After having my phone for only a few months, it stopped recognizing the SIM card. I took it to the store, replaced the card, and it had the same problem. It would reset itself again and again and I could barely get it to work long enough to call AT&T customer service. The did send me another one since I was within warranty. Now the replacement I have is doing the same thing, except it absolutely will not recognize the SIM card. After reading online about the issue this is a relatively common one to this phone. No matter what else there is to recommend it, if you can't depend on it to recognize the SIM (which determines whether you can make phone calls or receive a network data signal) it is worse than useless, it's somewhat dangerous because you could be relying on it to work at a critical time when it decides not to. I absolutely will not get another Samsung phone, period.There are many fine features in the Samsung Galaxy S4. However the pleasure has been greatly diminished by a few bugs and problems: - The free Locate My Pone feature has been turned off in the USA due to patent problems. AT&T will do this for me but it costs $10 per month (yikes!). Worse, there is no explanation of this at the Samsung site - when you click on the feature it just gives a broken link - and that is still true even after checking back a month later. This is a critical feature. - When I put in a memory card (Samsung brand even!) to expand the memory, the camera software became corrupted where it would only work after a reboot, even after I removed the memory card. It took several weeks to diagnose this (many reboots and trial and error) and required a complete device wipe to fix. - The Kies software to synchronize with Outlook is extremely cumbersome. A bug in the latest version deleted about half my Calendar entries (disaster!) When I tried to restore my wiped phone using the backup, it did not restore all the information. - The music player software does not play well with my car Bluetooth interface. Neutrals - At times it gets hot but OK - The alarm well simply stop after a while even if you sleep through it but you can set seeral snoozes so not a practical problem What I like most - beautiful screen - openness of Android - yes big but in the end still pocketable - very good battery life - voice control works really quite well - it's fast!I have this phone. I purchased it from the ATT store a year ago. So far I have had no problems with it. I did notice that, if I don't check what i have left running in the background by holding the home button till the open screens pop up, I will have high battery drain. Definitely keep your eye on it. Otherwise the system works great. It is a typical android. I find it very easy to use. I like the minimally larger screen than some other phones. It is also has very good speakers. I have never had an issue listening to anything on my phone. I suggest this phone, however, as I said earlier pay attention to the programs running in the background.I just this minute, had the best experience with ATT GoPhone, thus, my review. For about a year, after using Tracfone and being mostly happy, I decided to get a better phone and go with ATT GoPhone. No problems. Good Deal. Today, I started getting these absurd pornographic pop-ups after using Accuweather.com. Crap! And, despite my best attempts, I could not delete accuweather. It's not so much against porn, but I've got better sense than get it by my phone. Geesh, sometimes kids use my phone. So long story short, I had to call Att customer service for help. Problem solved. Diana was able to remove accuweather all the while with kindness and patience with my freaking out! I highly recommend!This is my fifth phone/second smartphone and this is the first phone that I still like after a year. The OS is still stable and runs fast, battery life has decreased only due to the battery (which can easily and cheaply be replaced). Samsung's TouchWiz is a mixed blessing...it puts a lot of bloatware on the phone but at the same time I prefer the interface over all of the other major Android makers. S Health is a decent app but functions really well as a pedometer. I have big hands so slips out of my hands pretty easily but once I put a case on it, it sits in my hand very well. Having a memory card slot is an advantage this phone has over many competitors.I purchased this phone almost 2 years ago! I have not had 1 problem with it! Before this phone I had the s3 and after purchasing the s3 a month later it already had to be sent out for repairs where the charger plugs in something came loose and it wouldn't charge and just caused all kinds if problems!! With that being said it made me really question myself about buying this s4! But I have to say this by far is the best phone I've ever owned!!! Only 1 thing I recommend and that is buy a case for it this phone is really smooth and can easily slip out of your hands! Other than that I don't regret buying this phone!!!Buy this if you're a Geek with no life! I went from an iphone 4s to this and my wife to a Galaxy S3 based almost entirely on the screen size. If the iPhone had a screen this big it would blow the Galaxys totally out of the water into outer space. If you're a bored Geek with nothing else to do all day other than search through menu after menu trying to figure out why your phone did what it did to make your day miserable, this is the phone for you! Every "update" Samsung has put out for this P-O-S has created new problems which are never fixed. Apple updates are much better thought-out...at Samsung the "developers" must have a deadline for each "update" so they just throw it together and cross their fingers. And, of course, there's nothing except "forums" to help you solve a new problem....once you buy a Galaxy you get a Samsung guarantee: if it breaks in two, you get to keep both halves!! Seriously, stay away...be afraid...This phone is crazy. I got it one year back and honestly was a bit unhappy about the software. However an incident changed my views 4 weeks back. I dropped my phone into a river. It was a 50 feet fall. The phone went and hit the rocks. The water was flowing very fast so we could not go and take the phone out so we decided to leave it there. The next day (20 hours later) i went and took it out with no hopes of saving it. I kept it under the lamp for 3 weeks. I started my phone two days back and boom it works perfectly fine. The screen, sounds, button everything is working. I totally love it. Thanks Samsung.The Samsung Galaxy s4 is a very beautiful phone. Everything from the processor to the storage, it was phenomenal. I bought my phone from at&t itself, and not amazon. I was able to put in my go phone sim card and it was no problem. The phone was very sleek, fast and very reponsive. I have had the phone for about two years and then it started to act up. The screen had all of sudden started to jumpx and then it blacked it. I ordered a screen from Amazon, and it was not a good deal. It costed about $160 at the time and it only lasted for maybe a week once we replaced the screen. All in all this was a really good phone, but I have no idea why the phone screen was so glitchy. And I would totally recommend this phone againWithin 6 months of buying my new Samsung Galaxy S4, the battery would not hold a charge and the device became VERY hot when used. I returned it to Verizon and would only be given a refurbished replacement. Within 4 months of getting the replacement, the device is again having problems with charging. The hassle associated with these problems is not worth the otherwise good device that it could be. Unless you want to constantly be replacing the phone and reloading all your applications, buy something else. There seem to be ton of similar reviews with this problem noted out there.Great phone. I purchased one for son and one for grandson and 3 extra s4 phones. My choice is the Samsung Note 3 which is the best cell phone ever sold.I own a Samsung S4 Galaxy and Samsung (in their infinite wisdom) just forced us to upgrade the Kies application to a new Beta version that has no Synching capability and no Music Playlist management. For you iPhone users, this is analogous to the iTunes App on your Mac or PC. Here is Samsung's brilliant response to the obvious major planning error: Thank you for contacting Samsung Customer Support. I am sorry to hear this information was not available to you as it should be. I hope we can clarify this below. I regret to inform you that KIES 3 does not support syncing your contacts, schedule, memo and multimedia information and you are unable to edit music information or playlist management. Further to this you will not be able to use KIES 3 for contact editing, store applications or podcast. We have raised this with our engineers to have something implemented to access this feature, at this time we have not had a response and cannot predict if , or when the feature will be restored. I apologise this was not made clear to you and thank you for your continued patience and input. If there is anything else we can help with, please let us know For those of you who want to use your phone for any of the aforementioned features try a different Android phone or switch to iPhone. At least Apple doesn't purposely try to handcuff their customers.I am very happy with my purchase this phone has so many features I forget about them and rarely use them but when I remember they ate pretty cool I do recommended this phone I had the s3 but I like this one more the keyboard layout is very nice that was the first thing I noticed, anyway good phone I gotta go byeIt has recently started freezing up on me. Have to restart often.The sellers are very professional and when I had an issue they promptly handled it and now very satisfied with my purchase. Would recommend!!Worst cell phone I have ever owned. My S4 lasted 13 months before mysteriously finding it difficult to find the SIM card. AT&T lied and strung be along and Samsung wanted to charge an additional $170 to repair this obvious defect. If you are looking for a cell phone find another carrier and phone. This one isn't worth the effort.Great Phone. Had it for a year and still is not suffering from lag like other phones I have had. Works amazingly! Camera is the bomb!Nice phones, fast shipping. Seem to work good.Awesome phone! I can't believe how good it is. Camera is great, processes fast and is very sturdy! Very happy and recommend to all my friends and many have purchased and recommended as wellDoes it all - Love the size and options, battery life is great. I had an IPHONE before that I was not happy with the weight or size of the screen. Getting phone service turned over was easy with AT&T -Item was in great conditionThis is the worst smart phone iv'e ever owned, s5 is a hell alot more better then this peace of s***.is the phone is unlocked? can i use it with Metro pcs or Simple Mobile instead of At&t..i need an answer please cause im in process of purchasin it.works great ! One of the best phones I've ever had! I would recommend to anyone that likes android phonesI bought it as a birthday present. It came on time and the person loved it.As expected. Great!Awesome price!! Great product!!Please don't make the same mistake I made. I bought this phone thinking that it was a good deal and in order to save a couple of dollars, BIG mistake!! The first time, I had to return it because it didn't work. Someone from the seller company called me home and I accepted to return and receive another one. After some months, it is terrible!! Now, this phone needs to be reset at least 15 times per day!! And I will have to buy a new phone. The worse quality ever!! I'm sad, frustrated and I feel guilty with myself for being so dumb!! Please stay away from it!!Pros: Enough space on the phone to store all the apps I need want or desire. Lasts 24hrs when I need it to without requiring a battery pack or spare battery. Has good phone call quality, and signal through AT&T as such even where I didn't have service I am getting 1-2 bars now. (This is mainly when visiting friends & family in the tin and sheet metal houses.) 5" screen so I can actaully type with less errors since qwerty keyboards seem to be a thing of the past. Cons: Some of my apps don't work on this phone from the past that I purchased, though less fault of the phone and more of the app dev for releasing a broken patch. I find the battery cover feels flimsy and was the first phone I was inclined to get a case for ASAP (could just be a personal thing.) Worry of having a defective screen and the chance that it cracks like many others have. Other: This Smart Stay and Scroll and stuff can be annoying if you don't realize it is on and can be awkward when your looking at your screen and you see an eye blink and not knowing what it is. Need to play with those settings more to see if I can turn off the icon and make them feel more fluid.Full of features & functions that are not marketed. iPhone is a good phone: intuitive and slightly better camera quality, but this is a great phone, too. Some of the camera features, like taking a photo of something & a selfie at the same time, is not a feature on the Apple device. Can be controlled by voice, dictation, messages can be announced and read; weather can be read; scrolling through a document with eye gestures, enlarging a view with the swipe of a hand...and many more features need to be highlighted more, along with other capabilities. They just didn't market these features with a cute name like Siri.' If you are addicted to the iphone & have fallen prey to its stellar marketing or find it more prestigious to own, you will never be happy with the Galaxy. But, it's a fantastic, forward designed product, and I am glad I switched.Very nice phone, obtained for our conversion of our mobile phone service from Verizon Wireless to AT&T Wireless (we always buy our own phones). Shipped and arrived promptly, well packed and inside in fancy boxes. Went on the air just fine. It is irritating that in the S4 one cannot put the contact favorites into "list" display form but only in "grid" form, with a lot of space taken up for each listing and the text truncated and in a tiny font. But that is a small gripe.I'm so sick of these phone companies charging the consumers for the price of the phone that makes me sick. I finally decided to get an older phone for a cheaper price and just pay for the whole thing at once. This phone is exactly what I was looking forI remember when curly cords were the big innovation in phones. When I could no longer avoid a cell phone I just assumed that a basic phone would be easier to operate. For years I struggled with that stupid little thing, I couldn't find it, couldn't see it, couldn't hit those tiny buttons with my big fingers and since all the apps were extra and I didn't know what they were for, I didn't purchase any. When it rang I thought what's that weird noise? At the insistence of techno-savvy friends I made a leap into the 21st century and purchased a Samsung Galaxy S4 smart phone and my life is forever changed. It is easy to see and operate, all the apps are included and make sense; it's a little computer in your pocket. You can ask it where to get a good BBQ sandwich and not only do you get a list, it takes you to the one you pick. If someone calls while you are driving, you don't have to answer...it will tell you in a clear voice who is calling and ask if you want to accept the call. Say no and it tells the caller you will get back with them later. It's a calculator, flashlight, radio, alarm clock, video camera and remote control. You can dictate messages, watch television, movies and listen to your favorite old rock and roll. You can pay your bills, see the person you are talking to (or not), read books and magazines, buy coffee at Starbuck's, translate foreign languages and take a "selfie". It reads those squiggly squares and plays games when you are bored...and that's just what I have figured out in a short time. It watches your face and doesn't turn off if you are looking at the screen. It does this really fast and the battery lasts all day. The pictures are crystal clear and you can make the font bigger so you can see it. I know there are lots of folks laughing at this review because it is pretty naive but there are still people out there who will read it with a sense of relief. Yes, Samsung has made a phone we all can use and understand and when pulled out in public it doesn't look like a compact or a candy bar. I love this cell phone and I think it loves me too.I was debating between the 5S and G4, when i looked online that you can also do slow motion, and fast motion, video I went with the G4. I am not disappointed. I LOVE this phone! I have recently dropped my phone in water. After putting it in rice over night and letting it dry out, I have had no issues with this phone. Everything still works amazing on the phone. The battery life still lasts all day (unless of course I am playing games on it). I had an iphone at one point and dropped it in water and had to replace it to get it to work. If you are trying to decide between apple and samsung... samsung all the way!I was so ecstatic when I got this phone to replace the one I had for years (after the screen cracked.) After having this new phone for only a week, the Sim card problems began. I had to restart my phone twice because it wasnt reading the Sim, then wouldn't read the Sim card at all! I put the card in my old cracked phone, so it is definitely the phone that is faulty, not the Sim card. Very upsetting, $180 out the window.Wish I could give no stars. I purchased the phone on the 4th of July and received it by the 8th and it seemed to be exactly what I wanted and paid for. Then two weeks later returned it because it was defective and glitching. Then Today 27th I got the replacement and the phone instantly was a disaster. It looked bad not what I paid for. The phone was dirty and the back was cracked and for about $185 that was horrible. Anyways the two buttons on either side of the home button don't work and seem to not even exist but I'm not sure. But I am sure mad and this is unacceptable.First, I was always an Apple user. I had the 3, 4 and 5. When Apple announced the 6 I was sick of there not being anything innovative with their phones but we were spending $200 on a brand. I switched over the Galaxy S4 and I LOVE IT! I love the customizable features of it. I love how there is so much more you can do than the iPhone. I'm some what techy and love my gadgets. It did take quite a bit of time getting comfortable using it after using apple for almost seven years. I even switched my husband from apple to the same phone. We love it.I bought this phone a little over two months ago and have had nothing but trouble with it since the return date window closed.l The timing was unreal. It worked fine until I could no longer return it. Problems: 1) Rotates on it's own when rotation is turned off. 2) Goes black during the middle of inputting phone numbers after just a couple of seconds of inputting. 3) Gets very HOT while playing games. I replaced my Galaxy Skyrocket with this phone and am very sorry I did. My Galaxy II worked great. I would not recommend this phone to any of my friends. Don't know who to blame Samsung or the company I bought the phone from.I bought this phone after I damaged the LCD of my Samsung Galaxy S3 (that I got for $50) the repair would have been almost $200 and so I decided that given the money i invested in purchasing the phone from a friend and the cost of the repair I opted to purchase the Galaxy S4. So any way onto the phone. The phone was supposed to be signed for and of course I miss the mailman. After picking it up from the Post Office on the other side of town. I open the box and find the phone and a generic wall charger. The phone was in immaculate shape. The phone came with no documentation or Samsung box or accessories. But for the lower price of $200 and a third party amazon seller I wasn't surprised. After a few months of use the phone still works great. I had some issues with pictures not loading in the Gallery and SD card malfunctions but that was because I was still using my 8GB SD card from 2010. I am going to be purchasing a New one soon. So no harm done. Overall this is a good Phone I just updated the OS to 5.0.1 Lollipop and man is the UI sick. Overall the Phone works well and was well worth the $200 I spent.i LOVE my samsung phone!!!!!! i get great reception... it does everything i want and then some!!! i'm still trying to learn how to use some of the functions as i'm not familiar with smartphones but so far it's not been too complicated for old fogey like me to figure out!! it has great sound on it which is fantastic since i have some hearing loss..... i'm having fun learning how to use this fancy device :DI upgraded to this from the Motorola AtrIx HD. It is just ok. Battery life is just ok, too. Their lil so called feats such as moving the page up/down w/floating ur hand at the sensor or moving ur head to scroll through a page doesn't seem to work for me. The best feat I've seen is I can change the tv channels and turn it off/on. The screen is big for my crazy vision. If you want something simple, call, text, email etc this is for you. I'm still trying to figure out what the hype was about with this phone. ..Absolutely love they still have a few select models with removable battery, so I can use a battery charger and my phone never needs corded!! and then I never need to replace those cords that break so consistently. Also very quick processing, even compare to new phones. Very stable OS, Hardware and software. I've never cased mine or broken a screen(something I couldn't say for my s3)Not leading edge, but three year old technology. However, a removeable battery and a slot for a microSD card to increase the memory makes this a winner for me. I liked my first one so much that I bought another (for $85 from goodcellas, an amazon vendor). Highly recommended as a replacement for that very expensive Apple iphone that you just dropped in the toilet!From the moment we turned it on it gave us a bogus security warning that would tell us we had to restart the phone. Eventually the phone started turning off and on by itself and now, refuses to hold a charge or even turn off long enough for me to delete everything before sending it back.Great phone.. all around.. Of course I don't download a lot onto it..but the asthetic is nice, but make sure you purchase a case.. Screens are so fragile, and it costs more to fix the screen sometimes than the phone itself~!I switched to a samsung because I wanted an apple alternative. However, after using the samsung for half a year now I'm going back to apple products. The apple phones are more durable and the operating systems seem to work a bit better. I'm also always surprised by the information some apps ask to collect, information that hardly seems necessary for the apps to run, it makes me feel as though big brother is watching. There are some things I liked about it such as the SD card slot and how it syncs with google.This is the third one I have owned. I love this phone. I broke the first one, and the second one took a swim in the pretty white porcelain pool. But it's a great phone and great price!Has more capabilities than I need honestly, but I loved my last Galaxy (SIII) before it just stopped working, so I assumed I'd love this one too. So far, so good. Only problem so far is that when I set a password on my lock screen, it only works about 1/4 of the time...so kind of useless if I really wanted my phone locked to other people.Well considering it's impossible to get in touch with the seller, I'm not overly pleased with a few things. The phone itself is amazing, but shortly after receiving it, it would give me a message stating the SIM card was not detected and would restart. This could happen up to 10 times in a day. It still does this now. A few times, it wouldn't even turn back on or charge. I sent in a request to mail it back, but never heard anything. Other than that, love the phone.The LED notification light did not work when I got the phone. Everything else works fine but I only gave it 2 stars because I believe everything should work on it for a refurbished phone I just paid 164$ for. The led notification light is one of my favorate features.......Love the phone - the Galaxy phones are great. The S5 is nicer though with the waterproof features. We went through two of these before we got an S5 (once it was a little bit of water on the table that did it in).This is my 3rd smart phone. I previously had the iPhone 4 and wanted a bigger screen and was tired of having to update my phone and add music via iTunes. The Galaxy S4's screen is a nice upgrade in quality and size compared to my iPhone. I debated getting the Galaxy Note and was glad I did not because I prefer to use my phone one handed and would not have been able to since I have smaller hands. I benefited from the phone right away when I was able to load all of my music in about 10 minutes as it would've taken me several hours using iTunes. I'm also enjoying the Android operating system since it's my first experience working with it.I felt compelled to write a review on the 32Gb Samsung Galaxy S4 after having just received a big disappointment in ordering a used "Like New" example of this now obsolete AT&T model you can't otherwise buy anymore. I've owned this model for two and a half years; several of them; including S3 and Note 3s. I know this phone very well, and I have suffered through all the renditions of Google's different Android firmware upgrades, beginning with 2.*. You might see I have given this phone FIVE STARS. But I had to return the phone, because unlike what it was advertised to have as 4.2 Jelly Bean software, it came to me with 5.0.1 Lollipop. I CAN'T STAND LOLLIPOP. I cannot use the words I would like to properly describe how much I HATE LOLLIPOP. It was not what was advertised, so back it goes. LOLLIPOP, as with all the Android Firmware variants since inception, are a 3-way partnership between: GOOGLE, the Phone Manufacturer, and the Service Provider. In my case, these latter two are Samsung (obviously), and AT&T. The User Interface (UI) on Lollipop is as if you are dealing with an entirely new company on the other side of the planet. There is very little familiarity between Kit Kat (the predecessor) and Lollipop. I have always TURNED OFF a lot of the canned software in all my versions of Android, up through 4.4.4. They became trickier as the newer versions came out. Now, with Lollipop, you can't turn off any of the ones that are important to turn off, if you want to extend your battery life, and especially if you want some measure of SECURITY and PRIVACY. Both AT&T and Samsung, have loaded their two-cents worth of bloat-ware (unnecessary, self serving branded software); but Google has made it mandatory for you to have "Google Play Services" turned on, IF you want access to your contacts! Google has made a big mistake with Lollipop, and believe it or not, it is already being replaced by "6.0" and a new name (that I forget). The User Interface is everything, and by changing it as drastically as they did, they have alienated many professional people who depend on the familiarity of their calendar settings, contact lists and editing them, and many other things that have now been changed. It is an UGLY, UGLY, monochrome style UI. It is WHITE background with Black (and pale blue accents) text. Photos are little circles now. But worse of all, is all the crap software they've added you don't need, and can't turn off. It is all designed to keep track of YOU, or get you to BUY something, or GIVE something to them -- like more and more of your personal information in order to fully use features of the phone that was once free without taxing you for your personal history and profiles. How you use your phone, who you call, what you surf on the Internet and all your contact information is being absorbed by these corporate monsters for the sole purpose of CONTROLING YOU, today and in the future. Lollipop makes it easier for them to do this. You can ROOT your phone, and become an IT engineer if you want; but as rich as all these companies have become from consumer patronage, we shouldn't have to give up more and more time, learning new User Interfaces, and surrendering our privacy and habits because they shove software and phones down our throats that we can't control, can't turn off, can't customize for our preferred use. We used to have these perks. But now they are very expensive, or non-existent.Great phone. Rather have a galaxy over an iPhone any dayBought 2 of these for my daughter and myself. Both were like new and work great. Fast and sleek phone with lots of capacity (with added hihg capacity micro SD card.)Love this phone. Previously had an HTC one X that I loved but this phone is even easier to operate. Camera takes great photos. I have AT&T service and my contract had already expired. Phone came in the mail I just swapped out the data card and it was up and running in less then 10 minutes. No visit to the store!Phone has a lot of features and is perfect for someone on the go. Picture quality is good. Wish the battery would last a bit longer. Even when it is on the "saver mode" it drains faster than I would like. But I would still recommend this to anyone.Although this is the first smart phone I have owned, it surpasses my expectations. I am still figuring out new things, about its functionality, daily. Even though you have to watch how you pronounce words, I especially like the talk/text feature. Just make sure you read the text prior to sending it. I have only had the phone 2-3 weeks but so far I have no complaints. This phone is worth the cost.I got a red case for it and have loved it. I'm in no hurry to replace it either. Good service from ATT as well.I loved my Galaxy S3, but the S4 is even better. You can't beat the Android system (in my opinion) and it can be denied that Samsung has made a slick phone in the Galaxy series. I love the large screen, the sound quality, really everything about this phone. Definitely worth the upgrade!Just upgraded to the Galaxy S7 after years of having the S4. Othere than the giant camera upgrade with the S7, the S4 is still, in my opinion, the best phone ever made. Ahead of its time, and still holds its own against new flagship phones 4 years later.Great, I just have to find the time to learn how to use it to the fullest. I know I have a quick reference guide but I probably need to read additional instructions(dont know if it was included). But overall I cant complain and for the price, I wouldnt!!!My wife broke the screen on her first phone (S3) and the phone would not charge so I bought her this one and she loves it. It came a week before I expecting to see it! The only pain was getting all the info from her old phone to the new one since I couldn't get her old phone to work with a usb plug. Transferred everything using Wondershare which worked.Great phone for someone finally migrating to a smart phone. Works great and I love it. No problems.Nice phone but I think I still like the Galaxy S2 better. The GalaxyS4 is just a little to hard to use for me but I will continue to learn all of it's features. Probably by the time I get use to this phone it will be time for the next model. Oh well such is life in the electronic new world.I've been putting off getting a new phone, but finally decided to do it. So far I enjoy the S4. I had a Galaxy Exhilarate for a few years so there wasn't much of a learning curve to this phone for me. I like the bigger size and it is easy to use.Best phone I've had the honor of owning. Easy to use, and for first time smart phone users like my wife it was a heaven send. Highly recommended!It was a nice phone features wise, but no one could hear me when i called and a message would pop up and say it couldnt recognize the sim card and restart. Which kind of frustrating when i was looking at the mapsGreat product, great service, would highly recommend.Exchanged my HTC One for this due to the in call audio problem with that phone. I like this phone but it's not as awesome as my HTC one. There really is no wow factor to it but it works well and does the job. Update: Get a case for this phone, it cannot handle a simple 3 foot drop. I now have to spend $210 on a new screen. So much for those "torcher tests" that were on youtube showing the great strength of these phones.. WeakAlthough we got a refund, I was disappointed. I sent this to my father for Valentines, and he had t take it in every other day to be worked on. It kept frying his sim-cards. Very sad. Hopefully I can find him a good working phone.I found this phone to be more user-friendly than the iPhone 3 it replaced. It has easily navigated menus and plenty of storage due to accepting a micro SD card.made the switch from the iphone. now waiting 2 years for my contract to end so I can go back. I miss being able to easily synch my music, playlist, podcast, and such from iTunes.SIM card faulty. Phone keeps saying there is no SIM card. Have to restart phone a million times. Will never buy this phone againPhone looked great and for the most part is working just fine. Wife is having problems with texts not sending, but we've been unable to determine if the problem is with the phone or with AT&T.It was exactly what was listed. Works great.It's still an adjustment coming from an iphone. Some things work better and some apps seem to be unavailable for Android.Just like my S3 but faster & with a better camera. No surprises so far. If it lasts as well as my S3 did I'll continue to use the Samsung phones in the future as well...Screen is bigger than S3 (other person in family has one)... But overall, it is a very disappointing downgrade in usability from the S2 Skyrocket I have. I have a nano-sim to micro-sim adapter on order, hopefully coming in later this week so I can go back to using the S2... Nice phone, great features, AMAZING hardware spec (I buy phones based on their performance, and this takes the cake over the 5s)... BUT the android software feels like it was a rush release for this product... Here's what I don't like: I use the password lock-screen featuer -> worked great on the S2 since it had a keyboard designed just for the lock screen... But this one uses the same pop-up keyboard that it has while texting or anything else... the way it's designed to pop up into focus let's me see my homescreen wallpaper through my lock-screen wallpaper -_-' ... OH well, I can live with that I guess. The keyboard sucks... I would of have thought that having a bigger screen meant the keys would be scaled up... (for crying out loud, the keyboad is full screen on the S2, right?) You might think thats ok? Try unlocking your phone during rush hour traffic on a 5-lane highway doing 75... you may just get a new perspective here... I got an Otterbox Defender case for the S4. Disappointed that the new cases aren't as thick for the S4 as they are for my S2, but that's otterbox, not me. HOWEVER -> I set the option to turn off the screen when Im taking a call... standard factory feature, right? So why the crap does the screen not come back ON when I pull the phone from my face?? I was setting up visual voicemail, called my voicemail, logged into it, and then the screen does not come back on when I want to delete the messages... "Ok, wtf" as it keeps looping through the 3 or so recordings it has stored. NONE of the hard/soft buttons on the phone will get the screen to come back on (usually hitting power or the middle hard key bring the screen back up during regular calls)... As I begin to pull the Defender case off to pull the battery out, the screen comes back on and starts to function AS IT SHOULD OF HAVE FROM THE VERY BEGINNING when I pull the front half of the defender off the face of the phone... You've got to be kidding me if the light/proximity sensor is so insensitive now that the case (which doesn't cover any of the light sensors, fyi) keeps the phone from noticing that I pull it from my face... This whole thing is the reason I almost want to throw my phone into a padded wall half the time.... However, I am beginning do doubt it will survive that like my S2 always did, based on how it's doing so far... I highly suggest buying this for the spec, and then waiting until the software either upgrades, or rolling back to an older OS version...Awesome phone. Rootable, but can't install custom ROMs. I'm also unable to install OTA updates, although that might be because I am on straight talk instead of AT&TCame as advertised, but the bottom buttons did not work. I had to reboot the phone and still no results. Have to send it back for another phone at this point.Having issues with the phone dropping calls and telling me emergency calls only. Address book will sync when mobile network is on but doesnt. More problems with this phone then my old oneThis was in perfect condition. Set to factory settings. It quickly upgraded to the latest KitKat software. Everything has worked perfectly. Why would anyone Pay $700 plus a 2 year contract to anyone. I'm on the ATT 10 cents a min plan with no data.I am in love with this phone. I upgraded from a Motorla atrix hd which was a terrible phone to this, I love the features it comes with and its ease of use.I got lucky .. got a good phoneShort battery life and WiFi don't work on itI've had this phone for over a year now no problems so farThis replaces an S4 that was damaged. We have had for over six months now with no issues.Received on schedule (standard ship was only option) and couldn't tell it a refurb. Came with everything but earbuds. Most satisfied with product.Very nice phoneA great phone. All day and then some battery life. Great screen, fast charger. Annoying Samsung apps, but you really cannot get away from that these days. THe TouchWiz is fine for me. No worries there.Great product, glad to have this.Background story. I bought this phone with the expectation that it would be a significant upgrade to my Samsung Infuse 4G, a cell phone which AT&T ceased to support all of six months after I purchased it. Only through rooting the 4G was I able to keep the Android operating system up to date, thanks to the hard work of many folks at XDA developers, including Cyanogen Mod and particularly Scott Hart's Beanstalk ROM. Thanks to the ability to modify my phone, and the work of some brilliant developers I was able to maintain a decent level of satisfaction with the product and with AT&T's service for the duration of my service contract. This phone is definitely an upgrade, and is quite top of the line. Unfortunately, AT&T has chosen to update the firmware for the Galaxy S4 such that effectively installing a recovery method, essential to installing ROMS safely and natively, is exceedingly difficult. This phone has a lot of potential, and based on AT&T's update and service record on my previous phone--virtually nonexistant--I trust the ingenuity of folks at XDA, who do Android with passion an enthusiasm, much more than I do the folks at AT&T, who seem primarily concerned with planned replacement and selling phones. The phone also came with more AT&T bloatware than ever before. On the one hand, AT&T's network is excellent, but on the other hand, AT&T's business model limits the carrier to 2 stars. The phone itself is worthy of five stars. -Sound is excellent-the speaker produces incredibly high quality sound at a great volume, and the headphone output is easily comparable to my iPod. -Many thoughtful features go into this phone, including a home button, which is handy. -Some of the features such as intelligent scroll, intelligent pause and such seem like they have a few kinks to be worked out, and it is not available for all apps. The stock browser supports it, but Chrome does not, for example. -The display is beautiful and sharp, easily rivaling the iPhone retina display. The larger screen makes for a considerably larger phone, but its thinness actually compensates well for that. -The microSD card is in its own slot, not clustered with the SIM card and battery as in the Infuse, making the microSD hot swappable, which is a very nice touch.a great deal.I have bought this phone twice and my wife now has this phone after switching from an Iphone. Great operating system and easy to use with lots of different features.Nice refurbished product. Virtually flawless. Detracting 1 star because the charger is a cheaply made in china.Enjoy the ease of use. I like that it will sync with my Samsung tablet. The item arrived when it was expectedGood phone! The only thing I have bad to say about it is u have to keep clicking on the apps several times in order for them to pop up. So clicking on something once won't work I found out.It has everything. Only reason I'm withholding the last star is all the bloatware installed by cell provider (and I know that isn't the phone's fault). Phone is fast and calls are clear and dependable. I'll keep it!Network connection issues - Wi-Fi & Bluetooth not working.I like the samsung phones. I had 2 before purchasing this one. Loved my 2. So far this one is good. Lots of new features. Still learning how to use it. So far tho im glad I got it.Arrived a day late but still came in what looked like original package. It met all expectations and totally fit our needs.My Samsung Galaxy S4 arrived within a day and in great condition. I am so happy with my phone, it's exactly what I wanted. I was relieved to simply put my Straight Talk sim card in, add my refill card, turn my phone off/on and be good to go. Super easy!Could not be happier with this phone and delivery time.Excellente.The price was right, the phone works great. Came with original charger. Very light scratch on corner, otherwise it appeared new.After years of being an IPhone user I switched and I am very happy with that decision. This phone works great and has been a good buy so far.I absolutely love this phone! It runs smoothly and quickly. If you are like me and work as a marketing coordinator and use multiple social media platforms and email accounts, you will need an SD card for memory. But the camera is fantastic and the call quality is always on pointworked greatGood quality phone, stands up to daily use.This phone stopped working after 2 months.Returning the Item. It is pretty used. Did not Like it. Will purchase a New Set.bought it during the thanksgiving deal and got this for a cent or a dollar i believe. I feel this phone still worth 150 bucks at that time. now i think you can get it for free but worth it.Phone worked great for the first couple weeks. . Now it just freezes and shuts down on me all the timeGreat device - I know I will never use it to it's capacity, but grateful for all it does - for me!As describedAs described and good price, Thanks!I purchased this phone after doing a lot of research. I have had it several months now and still absolutely love it! I have had no problems with it whatsoever and it still has great battery life. I can't think of a single negative thing to say about it.It's a great phone, but I couldn't afford the "Smart Phone Plan" that At&T said I had to pay, so I had to return it before my 14 days were up.This item was still selling for $50.00 at the ATT stores. Could not ask for a better deal. My daughter said that this was the best day of her life!Excellent phone. Many features. I am still learning to use it. It was highly recommended to me by my computer smart son-in-law.I love my phone, probably the best android I have ever owned.It is stronger than S5. I compared them with my personal experience to use to.First one didn't work sent it back .but I was without a phone for 2 to 3 weeksThis is my husbands phone...I have the white version. No complaints here...Great phone but doenst play well with the straight talk BYOP sim card getting mms to work is a nightmare...very happy with it....Although I purchased a used phone, it is working perfectly and has none of the disadvantages of my old phone.So far so good. Nothing to complain about. It does what I want it to do. Chose it over HTC one because of battery. HTC one does not have removable battery and that is for me a deal breaker.Feels cheap and poor sound quality.First smart phone for my wife. Really likes it. More features than she will use for a while. Still trying to figure out why she had garbled voice reception for a week-end, but that may have been a network issue.I had it about 2 months now and so far so good. It is a great phone and work great for meThe product is exactly as described, brand new. And the price is amazing - $0 with 2y AT&T contract I love my new phone, it is awesome! Who buys iPhones anymore?!Love my phone...it's everything that I need for communication.I really like this phone. Purchased for my gf son and he absolutely has enjoyed having this phone and has had no complaints...mind you he is a 17year old in HS, uses multiple social media networks, music downloads, instagram, you name it...Fast shipping and very helpful!Lasted 60 days and di3d Lasted 60 days and diedGreat phone but slippery in your hand.I liked the phone. It well priced and great quality. I knew it was used so I can not complain about the visible wear and tear. Their is one major problem I have with the actual vendor. The phone had a cracked camera lens, this is not a major issue because I am happy to have a nice phone. The issue is the principle of dishonesty, if they would have warned me the lens was cracked I would not have minded BUT that being said they still should have included this information. I love the phone and the price, but next time just be honest and give a man a heads up that the camera lens is cracked. This alone is the reason why I am giving 4 instead of 5 stars.Phone would not charge and would lose battery life when connected to charger. Had other issues that were apparently related to the operating system. I am wondering if I was sent a refurbished phone. I had to trade it out at a warranty store.Came with a defective battery but that was an inexpensive replacement. Phone itself has been doing great.Fantastici'm happy with itI'm in love with this phone. Item arrived on time as described. Very happy :)the battery was not working. It stop wIrking everytime it is in 40% beside that everything was goodNice product, Satisfy with purchasevery goodI love this phone. I've had it for several months and I love it! Came fast and is brand new!she works great!it was niceThe phone began malfunctioning. No available return policy.Yay new phone!!! user friendlyAt first I was worried about ordering a phone online. I am glad I made the purchase after all. It's perfect. The arrival time was great. It arrived before expected.Great product love the phone.Love this phone!Love this phone! Amazing deal!Was delivered quick. Item is as described, a Samsung galaxy S4 black mist 16GB. What was vey nice was the phone number was sent to me before the phone. I was able to have my business cards made up with new number before phone was delivered. Tht worked out perfect.Phone is working perfectly and it is in excellent condition. No scratch whatsoever. Very pleased with my new phone, would recommend it to anyone!Had to buy a new battery but after that the phone worked fineEnjoyed having it thankyouWhat is there to say? LOVE IT!great buy!Love this phone!Product arrived on time and in a condition matching the description. So far no issues. I would recommend this product to a friendPhone cam in excellent condition - if it had a screen replacement done during the refurbished it was done to oem standards. Looks and functions like a brand new phone.its fast and clean and all the aps workNo regrets. Why spend more than necessary to replace a broken phone?very pleasedAwesome gadget. Fast shipping too.Phone has more bells and whistles than expected and I'm sure some that haven't been discovered yet. Decided on this phone after visiting 2 different phone stores and both salesmen had this phone.Phone functions well so far. Seems if the battery may not be as strong as my other phone but we shall see.Bought it for my wife. She loves it!Exactly what the description said it wasSo far I love my phone. I still have to play around with it and get used to it but I do love it.Really liked the phone, it was exactly as described & it got here super fast. Will definitely purchase from this seller again.Great phone.it arrived on time and in great condition. the product was exactly what I expected. good experience.This phone makes me a better person. It's light, decent battery life, good screen with great resolution, and totally intuitive to start using. A++. I bought a lifeproof case to protect it and it's an awesome combo.Very good!!!Great phone, perfect size (fits in pocket but still big enough to enjoy using). The camera has more megapixels than my actual camera!NICE N VERY GOOD FIT FAST SHIPPERPhone just as described, shipped quickly. Love it!Came on time works goodVery good product. I really like. It's better than my Galaxy S2. I'm a satisfy customer...Bought used. Listed as 'Good' condition. Had one minor nick on the edge, everything else was perfect. Happy with the quality.Nice phone.Do not purchase this is a scam, bought a phone and it completely died after 3 months. It never worked properly. I couldn't use certain apps, my maps would lock up and my phone would freeze. I found out this was a refurbished phone and it wasn't properly fixed. Unfortualy it cost me $136 because this awful seller wouldn't respond. I am going to have to contact my credit card companyGot this fone for my girlfriends birthday she Obsolutely loved it. ThanksPhone was in almost brand new shape! Works great. Super satisfied!I don't like to upgrade until I really have. I was perfectly happy with my S2 but when it broke the obvious choice was the S4. Definitely worth the upgrade.it quit working after 2 daysGot this for my son for Christmas and so far he loves it. Nice size and seems to work great.This phone is by far one of the best ones I have ever bought on here Highly recommended Great phone.This phone is great. The screen is nice, good size, fast, and has good battery life. The only thing that is annoying is all the bloatware Samsung puts in, and won't let you uninstall.It came looks like new it work right away I'm happy with itI've always been a fan of samsung and this phone is great. Its fast and runs plenty of apps and games.WonderfulLove it!With in one day the charging port went completely outExcellent phone. I used to be an iPhone user but had an upgrade so decided to try an Android phone and the S4 is excellent.Love itGreat phone for the price. Above my expectations.Clean phone works greatsatisfiedGreat phonePhone got here on time. .. was exactly like the description...ty!Works great so far! I am one month in and I have no complaintsgood dealson loves itMY WIFE LOVES ITExcellent deal :-)!!Phone arrived on time, had no problem until about a month after getting it. Constantly says can't read sim and needing to restart sometimes several times, right in the middle of phone calls as well as after pulling it out of my pocket or in the morning preventing my alarms. Since the issue I have noticed how much it over heats. This was just a filler phone until my contract is up and I can get a new one but I can't wait.The reviews are true, AT&T and Samsung have created possibly the best phone I've ever owned - keep up the good work!this works great no problems at all it has everything I need and some ,very reliable you wont go wrongPerfect! No blemishes, no problems, just prefect. (oh... I said that already.)Had to return it, as it had the dreaded "Sim card removed" defect, which can be widely referenced on Google. Literal pages of 'solutions' were consulted and attempted before I gave up and sent it back. I'm still hoping for a good one, since I like the device and don't care for the 'new' designs.ehhIt is an awesome mobile with all great features except that its battery time is a kind of low. :)Not as big as I thought but we'll have to do for now.better technology and an amazing phone, love the features and getting to learn new things every day on this phoneThis phone is so awesome, I love it! Thanks Amazon. It works really well it met my expectations. Wouldn't change it For the world.Ordered for my son. Shipping was fast. Great phone!Has sim card problem that no one seems to be able to fixI had an iphone 4. The phone was starting to freeze up and was real slow. I upgraded to the Samsung galazy s4 and I love it!On the whole, I'd have to say that I think this is one of the better Android devices on the market. I've used one from time to time and have helped several family members learn to use them and occasionally do minor trouble shooting for them, and they're really solid devices overall. One of the best things in Samsung's favor is that they take keeping their devices updated pretty seriously. The Galaxy S4 is in the process of being updated to Android 4.4, where some manufacturers seem content to toss an Android device onto the market and then pretend that they have no idea that updates are a thing that should be happening. This will be a less severe issue down the line, because Google is restructuring the operating system a bit to make it easier for them to handle updates themselves rather than leaving a lot of it to the hardware companies, but it's still nice to get something from a company who's serious about their obligation to provide a good experience even after they have your cash in hand. Other than that, this has a lot of nice features. The screen is good enough for just about anyone. It handles opening and running apps at a nice pace. There's a simplified interface that hides a lot of the apps and noise, which can be good for people who find smart phones a tiny bit overwhelming at times. You can use it with a Miracast tv/receiver to mirror the screen on a tv to show off things like photos and videos without asking people to crowd around a tiny screen. The camera is excellent for both photos and videos. The screen is just a bit large for people who put a very high priority on portability and using a phone one-handed. On the other hand, this size is just big enough to be reasonably comfortable for people who struggled with the teensy tiny touch keyboards on the earlier generations of smart phones. Whether you like the way Samsung makes Android look is a matter of personal taste. I like the Google Nexus devices just a little better, but Samsung's approach is a very long way from the worst that you can find on the market. On the whole, while this isn't my personal device of choice, I've been really pleased with them. I tend to be the person providing tech support for my family members, so I've used them many times and I've had the happy experience of not being stuck putting in a ton of time trying to get them to work as they should. I occasionally tweak a setting here or there and do little things like check to make sure everything's been updated properly, but on the whole the Galaxy S4's in my life have been about as close to trouble-free as any piece of electronics I've encountered.On the whole, I'd have to say that I think this is one of the better Android devices on the market. I've used one from time to time and have helped several family members learn to use them and occasionally do minor trouble shooting for them, and they're really solid devices overall. One of the best things in Samsung's favor is that they take keeping their devices updated pretty seriously. The Galaxy S4 is in the process of being updated to Android 4.4, where some manufacturers seem content to toss an Android device onto the market and then pretend that they have no idea that updates are a thing that should be happening. This will be a less severe issue down the line, because Google is restructuring the operating system a bit to make it easier for them to handle updates themselves rather than leaving a lot of it to the hardware companies, but it's still nice to get something from a company who's serious about their obligation to provide a good experience even after they have your cash in hand. Other than that, this has a lot of nice features. The screen is good enough for just about anyone. It handles opening and running apps at a nice pace. There's a simplified interface that hides a lot of the apps and noise, which can be good for people who find smart phones a tiny bit overwhelming at times. You can use it with a Miracast tv/receiver to mirror the screen on a tv to show off things like photos and videos without asking people to crowd around a tiny screen. The camera is excellent for both photos and videos. The screen is just a bit large for people who put a very high priority on portability and using a phone one-handed. On the other hand, this size is just big enough to be reasonably comfortable for people who struggled with the teensy tiny touch keyboards on the earlier generations of smart phones. Whether you like the way Samsung makes Android look is a matter of personal taste. I like the Google Nexus devices just a little better, but Samsung's approach is a very long way from the worst that you can find on the market. On the whole, while this isn't my personal device of choice, I've been really pleased with them. I tend to be the person providing tech support for my family members, so I've used them many times and I've had the happy experience of not being stuck putting in a ton of time trying to get them to work as they should. I occasionally tweak a setting here or there and do little things like check to make sure everything's been updated properly, but on the whole the Galaxy S4's in my life have been about as close to trouble-free as any piece of electronics I've encountered.I love this phone! I love it so much that I still haven't upgraded! When I received it, it was unlocked and ready to go. I have Straight Talk service, so I have to buy a good phone out of pocket. It's been the best investment I've made. It takes great pictures, clear calls, tons of memory and you can still add an SD card. I've found one minor issue but it seems to be most galaxy's do it. They cut out when you pay music over Bluetooth. So we've just started plugging it in with the audio cord (sold separately) the phone holds charge very well. It's also very durable. I'm very clumsy and I've dropped it several times. Few minor scratches. Highly recommended.this is a great phone even if it is a few years old. it has the removable battery, sd slot, great display and powerful specs. I've tried the s5 and it is too big for using with one hand. the s6 looks amazing but doesn't have the removable battery feature which could means problems in the future as your battery gets worn out. i am planning on using this phone model until android no longer support it! pros removable battery for instant new battery life quad core processor 2gb ram cons sd card slot has problems on both of my s4 sim card slot has problems and might burn your sim and sd card newer software updates will slow down phone, cannot turn off this feature unless you root the phone made of plastic, doesn't look very good cannot remove certain software like the ones from attPhone came without a battery. Although the phone came in good condition, the fact I had to go buy a new battery is annoying, because it states the battery was to be included. So after an additional 30$ on a battery, my great deal of a phone is a bit more than I was wanting to pay. I would like to purchase a second , and would do so from this seller, should they decide to make it right. As of day 2 of having the phone, with a BRAND NEW battery, the charge rapidly delpetes, and it TAKES FOREVER to charge. So. I either return it, and go without a phone at all for the next week or so, or suffer with a faulty product. I am not impressed. It's cost me neatly 200$ for a phone that doesn't work well.This is an excellent phone in all categories and before I start explaining why, I'd like to share that I typically buy all Apple products. I purchased this phone while switching cellular providers and I needed an affordable alternative - this phone was on sale for free with a two year commitment. Are you reading my review to figure out if you should be buying an Android based phone or iPhone? This is the wrong review to read! I'll simply sayApple makes great products that are simple to use and generally very reliable products. If you demand quality products that are as simple to use as a calculator or rotary phone - the iPhone is your choice. As a consumer who largely purchases Apple products - I am very satisfied with the Galaxy S4. Every Samsung product I have purchased has been extremely reliable and long lasting. I even tried the Nexus 5 prior purchasing this phone because it was cheap enough to purchase and not be bound to contracts. That's when I realized I wasn't happy with the LG manufactured Nexus 5, but was impressed with how evolved the Android operating system has become over the years. I choose to purchase the Samsung Galaxy S4 on sale for the cost of a two year commitment ($325 termination, discounted $10 less per month of service) and return the Nexus 5 that I purchased cash for $349.99. AT&T's network has been the most reliable for me in my area - and being that it is a "GSM" network (a type of technology used in Europe, mostly) - I can browse the internet and speak on the phone at the same time. The only other major carrier in my area that allows this is T-Mobile. I rarely (if ever) have had dropped calls or service issues with AT&T in the past and I regret having recently left them as a customer for another carrier's enticing offers. They have outstanding customer service, their billing department will work with you should you need extended grace periods or payment arrangements should a crisis or emergency fall into your life. I have no complaints about AT&T's customer service or network. I am rambling about AT&T because you, are, after all, reading about an AT&T Galaxy S4! Ok - after leaving a premium Apple product, these are the things that earned the Galaxy S4 five stars - 1. A stunningly gorgeous display that looks like a paper color photograph. 2. A large display that is more comfortable to read web pages and news. Things I like when comparing to my iPhone 5S - 3. Snappy electronics that make the phone feel even faster and more responsive than my iPhone 5S. 4. Lots of cool technology like a "built in" universal remote for TVs and home electronics. 5. A camera (I'm a photographer) that I find to be amazing. 6. I can replace the battery and add memory. 7. It works with generic and universal charging cables I can buy at discount stores or online. And in General .... 8. Not a single glitch or error with the supplied hardware and software!!!!!!!!!!!! My view points regarding what other review sites say about similar phones: CHEAP PLASTIC BACK Everyone complains about the plastic back not feeling like premium aluminum like HTC and Apple products. The advantage is that you can easily replace the back panel, add memory and replace your battery - or carry a spare. My phone is in a case anyway and when I owned an $850 iPhone, all of it's pretty style was hidden just like the S4 is. DOES NOT FEEL AS COMFORTABLE "IN-HAND" COMPARED TO NEXUS-5 AND HTC I really don't see a problem here. This is a subject talked about just to sell a review - if a review site or blog makes great points, it adds to their credibility and increases the odds that they gain your future readership. Bottom line is - I think this phone feels fine, and the OtterBox communter series case makes it feel even more comfortable in my hands. SOFTWARE INSTALLED BY SAMSUNG AND A&T People will complain that this software, called bloatware, eats up memory and ruins the interface of Google's android operating system. This is true - I'm not sure why AT&T offers their "for a charge" GPS navigation when you can use Google Maps for free. What they fail to tell you is that you can disable this software, compensate for lost memory with adding a memory card - or - if you're feeling daring, you can "root" your phone (assume administrative control) and delete the software you don't need. Some of the software is actually very useful - like the remote control program, and the software that tracks your health. Some of it is a waste, but, it may be easier for certain people to use than third party applications. COMPLICATED ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM Yes, Apple wins hands down if you want a simple interface that works and software that is simple to use. There are certain features on this phone are really cool but have to be turned off if you want a normal battery life - for example, "Google NOW and location history" which is a brilliant attempt at giving you updates that are relevant to you (weather, amount of time to go to work, etc...) provided in real time. If you're not technically oriented, it may be difficult to figure these things out. So, that's my opinion on this phone - I think it's excellent. I am also learning to love Google's services - such as contacts and calendar. They are real easy to edit, update and organize online. From palm pilots to blackberries to windows mobile, then to iPhones - I must have had over a decade of calendars and contacts that have accumulated over time. It took me about four hours on a weekend morning to import everything into a Google account, replace nicknames with full names, erase old contacts and categorize everything into groups - such as - family, work, friends, etc. This is not a phone you will be disappointed with. I place it in the same category as the iPhone. I place them both ahead of the Nexus 5, and I have no opinion about the HTC ONE because I have never used one.Don't want to upgrade! I love my Samsung S4! I dropped it in my dog water bowl and had to get another one. I am so glad they still had some left, because they all wanted me to upgrade to the S6. I love the camera & editing features, the screen size, ease of using the phone, the help tutorial section. and the speed. I just love everything about it. I don't want to give up my S4...EVER! I just don't think the upgrades are worth it. I'm just saying. :)I had problems with my S4 home button. I did contact SAMSUNG online chat to know where i can find support centers to fix my issue. He claimed that they dont have any local support center, I need to send it to Texas to get it repaired. They took all my details and sent me an UPS Label. I dropped the package at UPS store, reached them on time. I got an email that they fixed all problems and sent it back on 9/11/2014. UPS gave a status that 9/16/2014 they delivered the package at my front door, which i did not find. I called UPS, they said SAMSUNG gave my address as My Name and City , no door number. So they searched my name in public records and delivered to some address which they believed is correct address. I called SAMSUNG same night, after 30 minutes of questions , she acknowledges that i am the person which i am claiming, then she asked whats your problem. She was not able to understand my english, i am not able to understand her english , it went on, she called her boss, his english was worser, but finally they said it may take 8 business days to complete the investigation. i said i cant live with out a phone so long. He said , "ask ATT to give a temporary phone" which was amusing. Any ways i called them after 8 business days , lady who picked up said its 8-11 days , their tone suggested me why i am calling early! I felt they treat customers like dogs. I dont see any empathy toward customer. They dont give any updates, if you call them , you have to narrate whole story every time. They dont even acknowledge that its they who caused all the problems by giving wrong address. You feel like its customers error. I called today which is 13th business day, now they claim that i created a dispute only 5 days ago (coincides when i called them last, which is on 8th business day to check the status). Wow, again same tone meaning why the hell are you calling! I am terribly surprised. When i claimed it more than 11 days i complained since , he put me on hold to check the truth in my statement, after 20 minutes of waiting the line got disconnected. They dont have curtesy to call me back. I dont want to call them back , since it takes hours to explain your problem and then they give one simple irritating statement. Instead i am writing this review.Don't even read the reviews, go buy this phone now!! As soon as I touched this phone first thing i noticed was how premium it felt compared to the Gs3! The big screen is just Gorgeous! This alone made me update from the S3, I can't keep my eyes off of it! Everything works great and the batteries are easy to switch out so you'll always be charged without ever plugging in!!! Sure you will need to disable a few of the pre loaded services you won't be using so you can keep the amazing battery life to the max but this is an easy process and only will take a few minutes.. Overall This phone completely blows away any competition! buy this phone today and you won't be sorry!I like this phone it's got a large led screen, decent battery life if i use power saving mode, and it can fit into most pant pockets. One issue that i noticed after rooting it is the bootloader is locked up tight and it's very difficult to get around it without risking a permanent brick if you want to install cyanogenmod or another rom, installing cyanogenmod for those that don't know will increase the performance of this phone and make it less cluttered with useless features and get rid of the lag that the stock rom has when playing some games or browsing the web. Overall though 4 stars for a free phone besides the $50 tax and $30 connection fee i had to pay for my new galaxy s4 upgrade phone.Amazing battery life and good display. Bought it for my aunt. She loves it Elderly will prefer the huge screen note 3. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F2SDM00?ie=UTF8&camp=213733&creative=393185&creativeASIN=B00F2SDM00&linkCode=shr&tag=swiclu-20&linkId=RCMIBKLNN5BNUD5D&refRID=04754BBX2BT8DEB8YB50 Love android!These are the worst phones,and Verizon sells them deceptively to people,..never once offering me to exchange the phone for two years,after 246 complaints,poor connection,hardware on these...buyer be VERY AWARE!I got mine at an AT&T outlet for $1! (with contract) My old phone was broken, and the person in the store tried to sell me on a $119 number, but when I saw this phone and what I could get it for, I snagged it. MUCH better than the old Motorola I was using! VERY pleased with performance, not to mention price!nice specs, though if I wanted a phone that brings the same things as an iphone, why wouldn't I buy an iphone instead? oh right.. ios and itunes.. hmm.. so if I want an iphone with android I should get this phone, though it comes with a load of bloatware that nearly renders useless the high specs, or maybe buy anything else that fits my own needs and not just because it has the same things as an iphone though is not an iphone.. They should stick to making the note 10", which seems the only thing they seem to be getting right.This phone appears to overheat causing the lcd to fail...there are numerous complaint on YouTube about the issue, if another one fails I will be requesting a full refund. [...]Bought my Samsung galaxy S4 on 05/2013. After about 5 months the phone rebooted several times. Finally 1 week ago, the screen went off (black screen) so now I can not even use the phone at all. I had motorolla atrix and iphone in the past none of them had a screen problem. This is the first Samsung phone and will be my last one. Very disappointed with the quality of Samsung product.Wanted something different from Apple, and I'm having a blast with this phone. It has all the features I need plus it provides more memory and flexibility.Phone still freezes where I have to restart phone Applications on the don't work or close unexpectedly. Features on the are hard to workdos it work with straighttalkOne of the best phones from Samsung. It has almost all the good stuff a phone can have.Terrible texting phone, pretty good for everything else. Can't handle even small texts without bogging down and freezing up. Pictures it can handle only 1 or 2 at a time, and forget sending little video clips.A month ago I would have rated this 4 or 5 stars. I loved this phone. Then Samsung pushed an update to "enhance" features. They disabled the features I was loving and push crap features down my throat to replace them. This is no longer the phone I bought, and it certainly isn't the phone I loved.Worst phone ever have had it for less then a year and have needed 2 replacement devices will take a iphone over this any day of the weekThe S3 was well better. The camera takes forever to focus on it. Next, the sounds is not so great.I had to switch to an Android phone for work. Had been using an iphone 4s for years. So far, I have spent about 6 hours trying to learn how to use this phone. So far, I can't figure out how to remove any apps. There are so many I don't need but no way to remove them unless you go into developer mode and violate your warranty. I can't hear the phone ring, it automatically synced all my gmail contacts and emails even though I didn't set that up as one of my accounts. I use it for all my junk mail. Still haven't figured out how to sync my music from my iphone. Oh iphone, I miss your usability, smaller size and my music. Only had the apps I wanted and Siri actually worked. Why does this have to be so hard....It's not as great as people say I can't text it blocks most of my contacts to me its a hassle I can't talk for long the cell beeps better with an I phone this cell is made sloppy at times I can't hear my cell ringWhy did you choose this rating? For the price is the BEST smartphone you can get. When you have it in your hands you do not believe it has been so cheap. What did you like or dislike? PROS: Windows Phone 8 is very cute and run smoothly most of the time. Camera and Nokia apps make a great job with good light. Here Drive app is the best GPS app in any platform I tried. PS: If you want 3G 850/1900 you may choose model RM-915 (AT&T, Venezuelan Movistar, Movilnet) or RM-917. If you want 3G 900/2100 you may choose model RM-914. CONS: No led flash. Lacks of apps in marketplace. Who would you recommend this to? Yes, I recommend this phone for those who need to stay connected and don't want to spend much money.The cable that was given did not fit. Used another nokia cable that did not charge when kept overnight.It is said unlock - but it is LOCKED PHONE. Its asking PINTremendo equipo a bajo costoExcellentI was able to activate this phone on my existing Verizon account because it replaced the exact same phone. The Verizon rep said this was the first time in the last 6 months he was able to activate a 3G phone. Verizon is upgrading their system to 5G in 2019 so this phone will only work until then. My original identical phone worked after 3 hours underwater in our hot tub and many drops on our concrete floors. The main button quit functioning after a second dip in the river while fishing but still would make/receive calls.Purchased this phone and received yesterday. When I tried to activate it as a replacement phone for the basic phone on my plan, I was told this device was no longer supported by Verizon. Call before you purchase and verify it will work for you!This phone was purchased to replace my teenage son's almost 4-year old Motorola Barrage, which after 2 screen replacements I decided to replace the phone instead of another screen and the phone's mic. The camera's picture quality is much clearer than the Barrage. As other reviewers have noted, there is a slight delay when opening the phone before the screen comes on. As a society we have been trained to expect instantaneous results, but I don't believe that this delay is an issue at all. If you can't wait one second for the screen to appear, you'd better be needing to call 911. I have used this phone to make/receive calls and have had to call it from another phone. The call quality is very clear, in spite of background noise. This phone has a very, very bright LED flashlight, which could come in quite handy! The built-in music player doesn't get used, so I can not comment on it or how using it affects the battery. We also don't use the Push-to-Talk feature. Most of the generic ring tones are bit on the "girly" side, but all the phones we have seem to be this way. I paired this ruggedized phone with a "Turtleback Case Leather for Samsung Convoy 3 U680 Flip Phone Case with Rotating Belt Clip, Sold by Leather Pro Store". It does add a tiny bit of bulk and weight, but I decided the phone needed some extra protection against my very active son.The phone itself appears to be ok and reasonably well put together. In my case though, this isn't enough: I bought this phone with the intention of using it with verizon wireless' prepaid $35/mo unlimited talk/text plan. After spending time on both verizon's website and on the phone with a verizon sales person, it turns out that this phone is not possible to activate as part of verizon's prepaid offering.Bought this phone for my husband. He really likes that it will tell you who sent you a text or who is calling. The quality is what it says it is - we are happy so far with this product.One of the best "flips" I've owned, and I've had a few - This is not a 'smart phone' kids, it makes calls, texts and has a camera with different settings, but this thing is bullet-proof ! All the outside ports have water-resistant hatches that snap closed and the case is rugged and semi-rubberized - This item even has a dedicated flashlight-LED that is very effective, and generally I can go nearly 3 days on 'standby' with the battery - I bought mine 'refurbed' and it came like new, with battery and charger for less than $30 bucks, unlocked and ready to go Verizon.We bought this phone for my father in law recently as his other phone the battery life was not longer there. The phone has a larger screen then the previous Convoys, It has large buttons that push easily, He has only been using it a few days however so far the battery life seems to be great, lasting him all day while he is out working on the farm.I bought this for my husband in January of this year, as a replacement for a previous phone. At first, all was well. He was happy with it, and I was happy to finally be able to contact him again when we were away from each other. However, 4 months later (now), the speaker has stopped functioning, and he can no longer talk on the phone. People on the other line aren't able to hear him. So, here I am back on Amazon, looking for another replacement. It will NOT be this phone. My husband did nothing to cause the phone to suddenly fail. He woke up the other morning and was unable to make any calls. I thought Samsung had better products than this, but perhaps we just got a bum phone. Either way, $60 went down the drain. Hopefully others have had/will have better luck with this phone.It is a good looking phone , but no instructions or how to set it up ! No place for a carriers sim card. Took it to Verizon store and was informed that phone dose not use a sims card!. So this makes the phone unusable for me ! Need help on this or I will need to return it. CarlI did not want a smart phone and this phone has more stuff on it than I will ever use. I am really thankful to the salesman at the Verizon, that suggested that I buy it on line and save myself a lot of money.3rd one of these that I have purchased for my husband, because he's hard on phones. It provides good, basic cellular service. Pretty much no frills, which is fine with him. Long lasting unless you forget to remove it from your pocket when swimming.Husband chose phone. Could have been wrapped more securely. Came in bubble pack envelope, maybe box would be more secure though we had no problems.Arrived early.Can purchase data for it without buying smartphone. Excellent shape and price. Definitely recommend and would repurchase.The phone was a new phone but the charger was not the original charger for the phone. That is why I give it a four star. I forgot to submit this first review I figured out when I come back to update it. Anyway, the charger does not work at all now....and I have only used it one other time So now I'm only giving it 3 stars...the phone it self is great and easy...just a BASIC phone!We had been using the Samsung Convoy 2 for the last couple of years and were very happy with it. This is the next step up from a basic phone but rugged and approved by the military. The more modern, contemporary Convoy 3 came along and we found the tweaked functions were a nice improvement. A lot of people realized this and the Convoy 3 was difficult to find in stock. We finally did and are very happy with the new edition of the Convoy.Now that I've had this for over six months, I feel like I can write an informed review. I wanted to replace my old LG8300 phone, which I'd had for around 8 years - the <send> button finally wore out. My requirements were few: another reasonably sturdy flip phone, but this time with a better camera and a universal charging jack. The convoy met those requirements. But in so many ways this new phone is inferior to my old one. The first, and most extremely frustrating, strike against it is what I suppose one can call it's Order of Operations. When something new shows up on the screen, that thing must be addressed immediately, before you can continue what you were doing. This becomes irksome in many situations, though none so much as when you're in the middle of some lengthy phone tree with your car insurance company or doctor or tech support somewhere, and a text or call shows up. Often, I've accidentally answered a call and lost my connection after 7 minutes of phone trees and hold music by not noticing fast enough that there was something new on the screen while I typed. Next, this phone has no capacity to learn new words. Old phone would have a memory for words I used when texting and would auto-suggest memorized words. Convoy doesn't, so frequently used words or names must continually be spelled out rather than using the word function, an extra toggle/button push that makes texting on a numeric keypad far less functional. The side buttons are far too sensitive for a "rugged" phone - I accidentally push the volume and PTT buttons all the time. Another screen one must close because you accidentally opened the "Push To Talk is not set up on this phone" warning screen while typing a text. As other reviewers have mentioned, the front screen doesn't always turn off when it should, draining the battery. It is easily corrected by opening and closing it again, but I won't notice it in the first place if it's in my purse. The "lock" on the back holding in the battery case is a joke. I can turn it with my thumb and precious little effort, it comes undone all the time. It's not designed to be tightened - it doesn't come out - simply a locked or unlocked position. The good: sound quality is pretty decent. I find my mother and myself squawking "What?" far less often when we talk. It also seems to be fairly rugged, it's fallen down a few stairs already and been dropped a handful of times. The camera is much better than my last (though difficult to get to pictures) and I appreciate being able to use any mini-usb charger. Which is especially useful now that it's draining its own battery more and more often. I'm not ready to get rid of it yet, it's not so bad as to replace it early. But I'll have to venture into the world of smart phones after all, if manufacturers don't do better than this next time I buy.Not sure I love this phone yet but I do like it. I had a Samsung fliptop for years so now I am moving slowly into the 20th century and this has more features than my old one which was mocked by many. It is great to make calls and not have them dropped or even to make calls at all. I am happy with it. MargieI like this phone for what I needed. It is sturdy, but doesn't have some of the features I liked in my previous phone. For example, to use the speaker phone you have to press the button each time you want to place a call. I tried locking it in place, but it always times out.The font size for texting is way to small. Even when set on large it is about half the size of the Convoy 2. I guess Samsung does not realize that older people are buying this phone and need larger text size, or they want to make the phone crappy so that you buy a smart phone and pay the additional fees. Aside from that it is basically the same as a Convoy 2 without pocket texting.I am not ashamed of my flip phone. I always feel like I am the only one who doesnt want or have a smartphone, but reading some of these reviews helps me to feel better!! I am not alone!! I think smartphones are the most distracting thing ever created by man. Every where I go everyone is constantly staring down at their phone completely oblivious to the world around them. I am sure the chiropractic offices have gotten much more business since smartphones have come out due to the constant strain on peoples necks staring down at their phones for hours on end. Having a flip phone is so freeing and I dont have the smartphone addiction to deal with! I love this flip phone its so easy to use and if I need the internet I have a computer at home so I dont care to have the internet everywhere I go. I am a simple person and dont care for the constant distraction a smartphone causes. This is why I choose the flip phone. I think the world would be a better place if everyone had one of these!Bought this for my die-hard flip phone brother. He is really enjoying it. He can be hard on his phones, but think this one will fit the bill. Phone arrived extremely fast. Prime not offered but wireless4cheap shipped at no cost. Highly recommend.Very very dissatisfied customer I bought this phone thinking it was new, the screen's are scratched up and the screw that takes the back off is all messed up and now it's says there is no more memory I am very very unhappy.....ihave bought many many things from Amazon and have never got anything like this.....i will still be a customer of Amazon but I will never purchase a cell phone from Amazon againIt came before the shipping dates. It also was in great condition. It is like New. This phone is for my father who really wanted the phone. It's easy for him to open. He also doesn't have to worry about dropping the phone. He's still getting use to some of the things, but enjoys his new phone.Microphone is terrible, have to practically scream to be heard on the other phoneMany years ago started with straight cell phone and loved everything about it. Then went for the "good life" with Internet. Already had a 28" desk top screen, then added the 9" tablet, and a 17" laptop. That cell phone screen was so small usage was limited. Always went for the tablet or desk top with their bigger screens and much faster navigation. Even with a stylus the phone was a hassle. My two yrs went by plus two more. Finally I asked myself why am I paying $2650 for each two yrs contract? After looking at what was popular found the Convoy. It was so successful it's 3rd version was now offered. Still wondering about $10 or $20 a month for texting?? Maybe just pay .20ea text? Often when I send a text to friends I still call them to work out details and misunderstandings. Plus calling seems so much more personal even with clients. Been studying the Internet Convoy 3 manual couple days now. Pretty straight forward and I like it's simplicity and saving about $50/mon on our two phones. $600/yr matters to us and I still prefer the desk top 28" or sometimes the 9" tablet. Another plus for my wife and I is how clear the voice is on the Convoy. Way better than the Samsung Galaxy ever was. Convoy is built tough so no cases or pouches or screen savers. Dropping it a few times seems to be ok according to users?? Four years and $1200 wasted on Iphones. Some do lots of business on them and good for them. I draw CAD and 28" is best for that with 5 to 8 million key strokes per project! Two Convoy 3s total $36.02 all tax except .02, LOL Happy TrailsPhone was as advertised. Hardly any sign of wear or obvious scratches. Flashlight, camera and other functions all appear to work fine. Was activated with no problems. I am very happy with the phone and would buy from the seller again with no qualms at all.Bought this "new" to replace my disabled brother's failing Samsung. Began the activation process with Verizon, received notice that Verizon no longer supports this phone. Very frustrating!we got the phone on time, it was in great condition, and the phone works great! Has all the functions for my dad to use. He is blind and has to use the readout for menu, texts and calling, and this phone does all of that but you have to have a post paid plan for Verizon. It's not the sellers fault, it is something Verizon has set up. also the seller is very nice and quick to respond to emails! I would recommend this seller to anyone! So if you are looking for a great working phone for contract through Verizon then definitely give this seller a shot! :)wish your iPhone could resist UV Radiation/Water/Sand/Shock/Freeze/Hot AND a screen that is hard to crack AND a battery life of 3+ days? HA! HA! HA! this is the reason this phone is rated as "Military Issue" and iPhones are not. Don't tell anyone about this phone because everyone will want one.If you just want to be able to make calls, hear the other party perfectly, and use a phone for the purpose that mr. bell intended, this is for you.Solid pocket phone that takes a lot of abuse except when dropped in containers with water.Great phoneA great flip phone, bought for an elderly relative. She won't leave the house without it! It does have texting and internet options, not that she uses those.I had to replace my other phone cause it broke. The phone came fast. I really like the phone. My Bluetooth headset has a problem staying connected to this phone. Not sure if it's phone or headset. I use my headset for my Note 4 phone and IPad Air without any connection issues.nice basic used phone. good price and condition used. didn't want to waste money being ripped off by the phone provider when i lost my last one.WORK HORSE, RUGGED AND WELL MADE - WE USE IT AS AN EMERGENCY PHONE WHEN OUT OF THE HOUSE -It started off well enough. The phone will not hold a charge. It started just after the Amazon return agreement ended. The company was not help. I am now stuck with junkcannot hear when someone calls....so disappointed.....in this productGood quality. Battery last a long time.Just wish display was little larger.Why is Samsung selling these, and refusing returns, when many carriers (Verizon for one) no longer supports this phone!!! Im out over $200 since I bought two of them. It worked great for the frist month! But now it turns it self off at random moments. My husband loves it but it turns it self off. Right at the times when he needs it.My husband loves the ease of use. Photos turn out really clear. Love that it can accommodate a micro chip.So far it like it. Many nice features. Great speakers for sound and when using speakerphone. Texting is nice with the good size screen. Flashlight always handy. You can save your pictures and music to a micro card (purchase separate and insert on side of phone). Easy to open. Bit heavy, but after two days I was already used to it.just what I wanted. Only minus is the small size of the front when sending a text. Very hard to see it is so small.I bot this phone because I like it Thanks you good phone To buyGreat phone. Paid for priority shipping. Big mistake!!! received a messaget three days later it was coming from third-party so I lost about $10 in shipping. Phone works great.love the walkie-talkie functionThis phone is NOT compatible with Verizon Wireless. I am returning it back.Ringtone doesnt ring. Vibrates, but cant hear when calls come in. Also can't unlock external keys. Troubleshooting couldnt fix it. Already had a phone that didnt work .Don't buy!Cute and quirky little phone. Manual doesn't tell you everything, you need to blog. DO NOT TURN ON VOICE COMMAND, IT IS A NIGHTMARE TO TURN OFF. Battery doesn't last too long, but for Amazon's price, this phone is tops.This is a terrific phone at a great price. The sound is extremely clear and audible. It is sturdy and easy to use. Amazon's price on this phone was unbelievably low compared to other prices found elsewhere. Great purchase.I like the phone itself (I've had one before), but the one I received did not work. I had to return it. They refunded the money in a few days.So far so good.Love my convoy!!The customer service and delivery aspect of the order was fine. Unfortunately I was buying it for a Ting account and it doesn't work on that network even though it was supposed to do so.Great simple phone for someone who wants one that can take rough use -- my husband likes a simple, tough phone..Not compatible with Verizon unless it is replacing an existing device that is the same . And phone screen plastic is not the little plastic. Its tape!!This didnt workGreat phone. My husband is a farmer and is hard on phones, This is the 3rd one we've bought. You can't beat the Amazon price. $ 99.99 at the cellular retailer.The letters on the texting screen are too small and can't be enlarged. The letters on the receiving screen can be made larger So unless you see small letters don't buy this modelI love it, a flip phone is all I need. At 79, smart phones are smarter than me. After researching the various flip phones, IMO the Convoy 3 is the best.Just what I wanted.was not all that easy to get verizon to activate it. simply replacing my old one. should have been easy. The phone is just fine, though.Very clear and great volume for someone with hearing lossA workhorse and great volume for my mother in law.I would have prefered the original Convoy (SCH640). Poor speakers, poor volume. Reseller unresponsive to my emails regarding missing dust cover.Works as expected, stars deducted for nonadjustable font size in outgoing text messaging. I REALLY need my readers when composing text messages.My husband loves it, it is well worth the money and very durable. I would purchase it again if needed and refer the phone to some friends.So far, no issue after upgrading all the way from Convoy 1. Button are a bit smaller than I would prefer and they do not offer an extended battery :(This product worked fine for the first two weeks. After that no one could hear anything I said. It worked at times for short periods. It has taken me weeks to find another phone. I am now returning this phone.Poor button layout (side buttons).very happy with this purchase. saved a considerable amount buying through Amazon. great price, great condition.Had a Samsung on a prepaid plan and decided on Cyber Monday to upgrade. The negative reviews (I believe) must be because of not bothering to read the manual (Online). I have printed several pages of the manual so I can gradually learn the 'ins & outs' of this model phone. I had a Verizon plan with a previous Samsung and the reception was great (in the mtns). I am a senior lady and have learned that to save future headaches, TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS. Since I am used to online chat and instructions I find it no problem to listen to the 'young nerds' as they usually solve any questions/problems I have. I recommend this Convoy 3 Samsung and am having a ball with it!! I prefer this phone rather than a 'smarty-pants' phone.Works great TYnice phone was a gift.FITS IN SHIRT POCKET... SUPERIOR PERFORMANCE... THEY DON'T MAKE 'EM LIKE THIS ANY MOREPerfect for no data Verizon planAccess to micro sd card is really good. construction is rugged and the phone is Great on battery life. Love it for a basic phone when texting and internet is not the main need.I had been using the phone for less than 2 weeks when I noticed that the front screen was broken. I don't know what caused it to break. The screen protector I put on it when it arrived is the only thing holding the glass together.love phoneWorks fine. Not quite as fast call contecting as my last one. In very good shape otherwise.Got the product and the battery would not stay charged. Returned it.Nice, Thank You !My dad works in dusty rugged environment. He keeps breaking other phones. I came highly recommended by miners and loggers. So far so good.Exactly what and when it was supposed to be. Very Happy with this purchaseVery nice, as advertised!!Dad says it works great.Still beeps in the pocket a lot and on occasion will show it's charging when it isn't plugged into a charger. Makes it hard to know where the battery power is really at. But otherwise a good phone.Will not hold charge we kept trying and ow they say it to late to return itI got a new phone that was light weight , sleek looking and much more stylish. My husband was kind enough to trade me for the one he got- THIS phone. I can hear better on this phone, the keys are easier to use and it is easier to hold in my hand. If I drop it, I think it will hold up. It is a sturdy phone, simple and I like to be able to answer a phone call by just flipping it open. It is not easy for me to use many of the phones that are coming out today, but this phone is perfect for me- a senior or for anyone who likes a basic, rugged phone.Bought this for my brother who had a touchscreen basic phone that was constantly "butt dialing" and locking up. It suits his needs perfectly and he could not be happier with it. And I was happy with the price(way cheaper than the Verizon store.)It was easy to get it up and running. The price beat anything at the Verizon store. Needed to start another two year contract with Verizon but I had no problem with that. Didn't need a phone with bells and whistles with additional monthly fees. Can't beat this for basic service.Works fineas advertisedThe phone exceeded my expectations: Works great, looks great and it was shipped fast. Will order again when I need a phone, etc...greatall flip phones should be this toughI bought this product six months ago. It started shutting itself off last month and recently shut off while I was on a call. I'm not able to find any help to replace it.Received itSending it back. The ear piece speaker is terrible. Not sure if it is the foo foo mic cancel stuff or just plain bad speaker but it stinks compared to my old phone. also there is no sidetone, my wife's galaxy is the same, with no side tone it creates the impression the call has dropped and then when i begin to speak i feel like the first few words are missed?? Other than that, the phone still sucks; Hard to open with one hand. PIT button is a PIA. it operates a shortcut that can not be disabled and it sticks out enough that every time i open the phone it activates something. I tried to find the least annoying thing for it to activate, i chose stopwatch, what a pain. the volume buttons are placed that i can not operate them while on a call unless you perch the phone into your fingertips. the keypad is just proud enough that my cheek constantly depresses a button while talking. The speaker phone button also sticks out enough that when talking it is easily depressed switching the call to speaker. When changing the ringer volume, you must confirm "OK" or it will not take. You can not hear the ringer volume when you change it, you have to look at the phone to see the setting. changing the master volume does not change the keypad volume. I could go on and on , but you get the point. Such simple things make this phone a joke. save the 14$The phone works very well. ! I would recommend this to others, as well as buy another one.Husband loves this phoneGreat phone almost indestructible, came in a very timely fashion.Phone works great and was even charged.Bought for my son - very happy with the product.five stars best flip phone out thereIt needed a little cleaning but it works fine.Phone works great. Same phone cost $150 at Verizon.Great phone just what my husband wanted.I just got this phone but I can already say I love it. I was looking for something tough and yet simple. I have found it with this phone. The sound quality is amazing and texting is easy too. I would recommend this phone for anyone who wants a tough durable user friendly phone.Great phone exactly as described for cheap!Only lasted a year and then the screen stopped working, just went blank. Contacted Amazon to see if I could replace the phone and pay for the replacement and they told me I would have to pay full price for a new phone because the two year Verizon update was not available. I tried to explain that I was not upgrading, just replacing but they were not able to help me. I would not suggest buying this phone through Amazon as they only give you 30 days for refund/return.Worked great.The phone works fine. The red button on left side is too prominent. Needs to be smaller.It's very goodPhone worked great no problems.greatThis is my third Samsung Convoy andThe Covoy is the best yet. I use my phone in harsh conditions and I replaced my iPhone with Samsung Convoy 3 and for me it is superior.Love the phone, is what I wanted, a simple durable flip phone to talk on when I am out in the field. WILL NOT WORK ON STRAIGHT TALK OR ANYONE OTHER THAN VERIZON!!!!Phone sucks had convoy before was great this new one fades out all the time people cant hear me I cant hear them at timesIn an age of smart phones it's nice to be able to get a good quality flipperThe bestPhone looks and acts like brand new. Just costs a lot less! Very happy!!We are having difficulty with one of the two phones we ordered. It has to be recharged frequently and they both sometime fail to ring alerting us of an incoming call, therefore, we miss calls. They seem to have a delay in lighting up when flipped open.Tough little phoneI love this phone. It meets my requirements totally. I have no need for a smart phone or the cost of a data plan. For what I do, it is all I need.I got this for my daughter, she had it in her back pocket and cracked the front plastic cover over the display. The display is fine, but the cover is broken and I can't find a replacement for it. If it is supposed to be extra durable it isn't. t is an average phone, with average to below average features. It is ok as far as calls go, nothing spectacular, just average.The phone will not let me dial or recieve long distance phone calls.. Very frustrating!Bought this for my dad who needed a cheap flip phone. I have no idea why I am writing a review for a product where the end-user has already switched to a smartphone of 3 months. It was a big step for that man. Moving on. Phone does it's job. Fills the basic needs of any simpleton.Worked for a day then it wouldnt power on.Little glitchy but right for the price.Great buy, great price!Great phone!By today's standards this is a pretty basic phone, but I'm happy with it. This phone should last me a couple of years.Item was just as described.the phone was not in good con/the handle were badexcellent phonegreat phone great serviceGood phone like new. No problems so far.I loved the Convoy when I got my first one years ago, then I got the Convoy 2 - even better. I absolutely love the Convoy 3. I bought a Convoy 3 for me and a Convoy 3 for my wife. I selected the lowest priced used ones, but they looked pretty new when they arrived, so we got a really good deal.Works great.Exceeded my expectationAmazon is great to work with. Samsung is terrible to work with. Texting font size is microscopic. No settings-change helps. Not all Convoy-3 phones do it. Sent to Samsung, wasted 2 weeks, came back the same after being told it was fixed. Returned for something different. Amazon replaced it twice !great for those of us who don't want or need a smart phonegood phone, no contract with verizon ,i tell them its a replacement from my lost phone, so no activation fees or contract.This is just what it says, a "basic" phone, it doesn't get the reception the other phones do by any stretch of the imagination. Needed to send back and get better.This phone does not hold a charge for very long. It also does not send pictures from my phone to my email address that I have taken using the phone. I got this phone because I was having those problems with my other flip top with getting or sending any picture at all and it too did not hold a charge for very long. (less then a day). I paid $198. for the same problems.Really not what I was looking for, but return was without issue.works great - I don't need or want a more "involved" phoneWhen I connect it to my car this phone is restarting several times, If I connect the phone to the car meanwhile talking, the call is getting disconnectedSamsung Convoy 3 (Verizon Wireless) The instructions are not complete, had to call and get tech help, they were great, still trying to learn all the aspects of the phone. trial and err method.My husband uses this phone he seems to like itGreatThe phone didn't work. The Verizon guy said it kept turning off when he was trying to put out on our account and that the phone was defectiveAs the latest model, It is a sturdy and well made flip phone. Should last long after the contract expires.Battery not hold and have to be replace after 1st monthcan not hear voices when calls made or receivedPhone is great. Because of the blizzard took two weeks to get it.received phone supposedly'new' around May 7th- not working in early august. Steep price for a flip phone!Very disappointed with purchase, phone stopped working after only 9 months! Be aware of this before purchasing.Not many choices for a flip phone. Keypad is poorly designed. Would not but again.nice phone.Awesome!!It was everything it said it to be. Very satisfiedCould be betterGreat phone! Works perfect!I bought two of these and both have the same problem. The battery loses contact with the pressure pins and powers down the phone. I have to open the back cover, remove the battery and reinsert to make contact often. This problem started after about two months of use. The warranty has run out so I can't return the phones. Another complaint is the surprise tax that makes my $20 phone into a $40 one, collected by Verizon when activated for an additional $30 activation fee. I assumed that activation was free for a two year contract. My old phones were Samsung Trances and they worked great. The only reason I upgraded was for the new bluetooth so I could load my address book. This phone had insert-able connector for positive contact.Great so far! This is a more rugged dumb phone than others on the market.Cons: The phone is thicker and heavier than it should be given the year and competition. As far as I can tell the PTT button (red) is not active on the phone unless you pay additional money. Pros: The construction is rugged and feels like the phone can stand a good deal of abuse. Summary: There are better Verizon models out there.The phone works great.love itIt got to my house the day they said. I love how sturdy it is.Had the Convoy 2 for 3 years, and was impressed with the sound level, specially from having other flip phones that were hard to hear incoming calls from another room. Convoy impressed me. Than went to the iPhone 5S smartphone, and after 7 months with one, I missed the Convoy, and decided I'm not a kid that needs a smartphone, sold it for a profit, than got the Convoy 3, and well pleased with it. Like the better 2.5 mm head phone jack if I wanted to speak with someone longer (Headset) without having to have the phone next to the ear. Sound quality is very good, rugged so having one placed in my front pocket is never an issue, as well as dropping one it won't break. I use it as a phone and have a computer at home for the other stuff. One issue with the Convoy 2, was that from time to time, the phone would turn off after the second year, and didn't know why. Did a google search, and found a fix for it. The battery would come slightly loose, and would not make contact, which caused the phone to turn off. Simple fix for everyone would be to cut a business card to the size of the battery, place the card on the battery, and put the back cover on. Wa-La...Fixed the issue. Unknown if this one will have same issue down the road but now I know how to handle it.I bought this phone off Ebay probably a year and a half ago and it's still great. I'm 30 and I wanted to get away from the zombie-like smartphone world we live in, which I found myself becoming. I still owed money on the iPhone 6+ I had so I had a little bit of a struggle with verizon trying to get rid of my payments but I was able to do so and was still able to keep the phone but later sold it on Ebay. Got this phone for it's ruggedness and durability, knowing that I could drop this thing on any surface and not have a heart attack about it breaking or getting scratched. Talking on it is pretty clear and have never had a call dropped. Has worked perfectly for me and would recommend this phone for anyone.I'm posting this review although I did not buy the phone through Amazon .. just not available as "new" from just about anywhere. Seems the only way to get it is from Verizon, screaming at Verizon supervisors for quid-pro-quo after subscribing to them for 16 years. Anyway, I have a single "Con". These phones have a known issue whereby the external buttons cannot be unlocked. That caused me to send the used phone I purchased, back .. thus forcing me to buy new. So, now that we have two new phones I can say my wife and myself are quite happy with them. So much so, she can't stay off it. Initially, she didn't want one. So much for that! Battery life is exceptional. A fully charged battery will take me three days of constantly being on + an hour of talk and only lose one bar out of three. Call quality is reasonably good ... voice-activated features are quite good. The phone is noticeably heavier than our previous "flip" but I wanted that. My wife tended to lose her previous phone a lot because it was so light -- didn't notice it missing from her pocket. Not the case now, thankfully. My last flip phone lasted fifteen years and still worked, albeit lacking a more current set of features. My decision to spend the money on the two phones stemmed from my desire to have well-constructed phones capable of taking drops to the ground and exposure to rain, which this model can handle. Nothing is free anymore and you should not allow any provider (Verizon in this case) to wrangle you into a two year contract just to get free phone. That's old-school thinking. Best advice is to pony-up for the best phone out there for the best price. Yes, you can activate it from the comfort of your home and even migrate your own address books (with patience) without having to drag yourself into a Verizon store. By the way, not all Verizon stores are Verizon owned. And some (not all) of them have TERRIBLE customer service (Greenville, SC). But at the end of the day, I like this phone ... good battery life, good feature set, solid resistance to drops and heavy enough that it will get noticed falling out of your pocket. Flip phones are coming back (gratefully) but buyers need to keep "durability" in mind when spending money on a phone -- which is where wireless providers are headed; they want you to pay for the phone. Lastly, I took one star away due to the known issue regarding the phone's issues regarding not being able to enable the external buttons. Also, please be aware that a phone affected with this malady will not be able to be factory reset either. No matter what you try to do to return the phone to its factory defaults, it won't work. That's why I ended up buying new, to get around that. Have a great 2016. ====> Review Update: 8-29-2016 <==== The wife drops hers all the time. These phones can take a serious "licking" and keep on ticking. I give it FIVE STARS for durability.This phone is not supported by a Verizon wireless contract plan. You can only use this phone with a PRE PAID account. This was very disappointing for us. Verizon will not activate to our plan because as of July 1st 2018, they are only activating smart phones on their regular consumer contract accountsI have had this phone for about 6 months now. It is not good for outdoor or job sites as stated in the sales pitch. Problems I have had: The position of the mouth mic is bad--doesn't pick up well unless you position just right. Not strong as it claims to be--the last phone I had under the same conditions lasted 5 years. I already have a cracked front screen. Was very difficult to figure out how to shut off the voice commands. Even my Verizon rep could not figure it out. You can't shut off all the voice things - it will still holler out "BATTERY LOW" or "BATTERY IS CHARGING". It will yell out the low battery thing every 3 minutes or so until you charge it or shut it off. The buttons suck. Constantly hitting the wrong one accidentally just trying to open it. If you get this for free with something else, it it worth that. 200 bucks is just crazy.why I didn't like it because verizon refused to put it on display in the store to check it out , so I order one & I got it I put my sd card in it and turned it on tried to find my contacts they didn't show up the outside keys would always stay lock till you unlock them. the back cover didn't feel very rugged no seal in it, is not a very good feel as compare to my motorola v860 witch is very true mill spec the feel is strong the convoy is not that good B4 u buy a phone call verizon & ask about the restocking charge if you cant see it on display & use it. ask for a waver for the restocking charge but call 611 so it can be noted on your account & if no account new customer you must be firm with the agent, as to what you want them to do, be for you buy it. Save yourself a headache.As far as flip phones go, this is the best thing on the market I could find. I don't like touch screens because they are not that reliable and tend to be too fragile for construction and heavy duty operations. It is unfortunate that the development of flip phones has come to a halt because these thing could really be great with just a little bit of research and development put into them. That being said, this is an all purpose cell phone that comes with loads of functionality and can stand the beating. However it is not water proof and the lack of in-depth button customization is extremely annoying. Once again, best flip phone you can find, but still no where near what it could be.Bought this phone for my father to replace his convoy 1. You can make the font huge in the menus but the texting font is unreadable. It's tough for me and I'm 30. Such a shame I have to return it over a tiny detail like this.I was really looking forward to this phone about 6 months ago. I had read reviews too. On about the 32nd day the front screen mysteriously broke and there was a black surfboard on it-couldn't see anything incoming--too late to send it back. As well, I should have listened to the comment that the text on the screen is way too small-very or almost impossible to read outside or in the car. As well. now the battery is draining every 24 to 48 hrs. The speaker has deteriorated as well...I'm sorry, What did you say? What a bummer....military grade? Which military?Sorry I'm disappointed. After a few weeks the front screen has a black surfboard on it. I saw someone else state they couldn't figure out how that happened to theirs especially when they had no drop or bang...me neither. And you can' t change the main screen text size, obviously too small. I read about the screen text size ahead of time so I regret not taking that advice. The Internet surfing is good for basics like scores, weather, news summaries. I wish it were lighter kinda chunky, I miss my old Smooth flipper but it passed away.It works great - and the battery holds a good charge. Not like two other phones we tried before this from Verizon. Those two sucked.Do not get this phone if you will be TEXTING. At the largest font size, composing texts still is WAY too small. It will NOT ADJUST. On top of that when you text it is WHITE LETTERS on LIGHT GRAY background. HORRIBLE CONTRAST. VERY HARD TO SEE. BAD BAD PHONE FOR TEXTING!!! NO matter how much you adjust display settings, it doesn't affect composing text. Both Samsung and Verizon told me there is no fix for this, and the last update for it was 2014.Purchased my Convoy 3 one month ago. I was re-assured that Samsung had taken care of the "small-font" issues associated with this phone while texting. I have enlarged every font on this phone, but the font that appears when creating an out-going text message remains VERY small - AND very difficult to read if standing in a well-lit area. To help solve the problem I send my text messages entirely in capitol letters. Believe it or not, they are still difficult to read on the screen. My eyes are fine - thank you. ALSO, during the first three weeks of use, the convoy 3 battery kept it's charge extremely well. Unfortunately, I have gone to bed the last four nights with a fully-charged phone battery, only to find the battery completely empty in the morning. I live alone, don't sleep walk, and have no pets...This is my second Convoy after using a convoy 2 for many years. It has been a great phone for me until I ran over it with my car. It still worked but I started having issues especially after I dropped it into a sink filled with water. After a light drying out it still continued to work. I decided to with the Convoy 3 because of some of the added changes over Convoy 2, but have one major issue. I am aT9 text-er and I loved my COnvoy2 for the clarity of the input screen." White letters on a black background. I could input text at an arms length and read my input and make changes rapidly and comfortably. THIS CONVOY3 has in my opinion has the worst input screen I have ever seen. White letters on a grey background. ON the Convoy3 the cursor acts as a highlight , but only adds to obscuring the input. It is only readable in ideal lighting and even then must be held up closely to read input. I have the manual, I know the phone, I have talked at length both with Verizon and Samsung Customer Service and both say there is no way to change it.... If any one out there has figured out a way to change either input fonts size and or background color and or input text color, please post it online. Best regards from Upstate NYFor over a month, I've been trying to find a fix for the alarms, neither Verizon nor Samsung have helped. This problem dates back to the Convoy 2 according to the Verizon community. Otherwise, it is a nice rugged flip, although WAY overpriced ($150).My sister especially loves this anything that I pick out. this is the real stuff and at a great price!!! I will order again.SINCE DECEMBER ,MY 5TH PHONE .. 5 TO 10 SEC..DELAY IN COMING ON.CALL WAITING WORKS SOMETIMES,CAMERA WORKS WHEN IT WANTS,,Tried to get a different model(even pay) Verizon said they can only replace with the same refurb junk!!! so they will keep paying shipping for a replacement phone but not replace it with a different model.... 12 YEAR LOYAL CUSTOMER!!!!THANKS VERIZONtrue to the offerThis phone is an absolute hunk of garbage! I am on the fourth phone in three months, three of those in the last three weeks. Microphone goes out and no one on the other end can hear r what you are saying. STAY AWAY!!!!!!Thought it was very pretty in the ad, but was even prettier when it arrived.If you are buying this phone to pair with a hearing aid do not waste your money. It does not pair with hearing aids even though it is M4T4 compatible. Messaged an online site on Samsung and the guy told me to turn on the Bluetooth on the hearing aid. Not able to do that. Even the audiologist could not pair this phone with the hearing aids. Total waste of money.I have one of these from work and it is absolute junk. There is a delay before anyone can hear me when I answer the phone. I say hello three times before anyone answers. When I try and activate the speakerphone there is a delay and there is a delay shutting it off also. I've been spoiled by the Kyocera DuraXT I guess but I absolutely hate this phone.I love this phone. It takes dropping it, pretty bombproof. It takes a great photo, most of the pics have 1MB resolution. I'm old school, I don't have nor do I want an internet connection on my phone, I spend too much time on the computer as it is. So this is exactly what I want, to make and receive calls, and text messages. And take photos wherever I am. I had one previously, that one lasted 3 years, so this is the upgrade for me. It has more features than I'll ever use, but it's easy to understand.I'm very pleased with the Samsung Convoy 3 phone... easy setup, easy to use. No idea what the prior reviewer is complaining about as far as font size goes... the font size on the display is huge, and I've got it on the 2nd smallest size available. The Setup Wizard is easy to access (Menu>Settings&Tools>Set-up Wizard) and you can configure most of the display settings by walking through that process. Disregard the earlier reviewer's font size complaints. Pros: "Flashlight" option - uses camera LED flash as a flashlight.. it's crazy bright!!! Wow! Logical menus Most customization options I've ever seen in a feature phone Easy call controls Volume can go very loud... nice feature Control of key features from front screen of phone Very logical operation Strong reception even in borderline areas Very good battery life Durable, well constructed... looks like it will stand up to any accidental abuse Does exactly what a phone is supposed to do without any goofy "smartphone" crap Built-in camera is decent resolution and acceptable quality Memory card slot for music files and picture storage Cons: A little thick, but that's part of the deal with rugged-type phones Somewhere I read that there's FM Radio functionality. I can't find it. Sure wish there was.I've only used flip phones for the last 20 years so I know a good one when I see one. The Convoy 3 is simply the best flip phone I've ever come across: from the feel of quality that only a high end, well built unit can deliver to the great call quality (especially the loud n clear speakerphone), reception in shielded buildings at Boeing Developmental Center buildings, very easy to use menu's and apps. Battery Life: I'm at 10 days of use, 5 with blue tooth enabled (blue tooth is a battery killer) using it for maybe 20 minutes of talking a day (lots of 1 minute calls) and my battery finally down to 1 bar. Try that with your smart phone.For those who still use flip phones, I am probably a high volume texter--I imagine that I am one of the few who have this phone who use it to text more than for actual conversations. (Note: I have had both the Convoy 1 and 2 and have become pretty adept at T9 and other nuances of the phone's operating system). What I love about this phone is that I can now participate in group texts and read the content of group texts--something I was not able to do with the previous versions of the phone. HOWEVER, what I failed to fully appreciate when reading reviews critical of this phone is how small the font is when writing my actual texts. Reading incoming texts is not a problem--the font is larger for incoming texts t hen texts that the phone actually creates. What's really bizarre, and really frustrating, is that the font control for the phone HAS NO IMPACT for the font when the user is actually writing a text. Also, when writing a text, the word is highlighted in white (a feature of XT9 vs. T9 which has an auto correct feel to it) which makes it even harder to see. If only that feature was improved, this phone would be a perfect flip phone. The call quality is strong, the screen is a great size, and it has a fantastic feel in my hand. The Kyrocer Dura was too chunky for me and due to its waterproof feature, its texting was too small for me. I did scratch my front screen (I don't know how but frustrating none the less) but no harm to its functionality. One other detail: when I transferred my contacts via Verizon's Back Up Assistant APP, about 45 or 50 of my contacts did not transfer, and I am way below the 1000 limit. Weird. For me, it is the best flip phone option out there.I originally liked this phone because it's well made and easy to use. A bit thicker and heavier than other non-smart phones but feels solid and not flimsy in your hand. The two complaints I have are with the Bluetooth and music player. Seems I have to crank the volume all the way up on the phone in order to get the volume on the Bluetooth speaker to be audible in my car. I have used several phones with this car's Bluetooth and never had that problem. Similar problem with my Bluetooth headphones where one click on the phone's volume control and you go from barely audible to blasting your eardrums. The other problem is with the music player software which must have been some freeware they found. There's a long delay (about a minute) each time you access the music player. Then more delays as you navigate through the options. The music player only plays songs in numeric/alpha order so the only way to listen to an album in order is if the songs are prefixed with a number. If you're into album rock - you're screwed. I did a chat session with Samsung to confirm that was the case and that no other music player software can be installed. I also seem to be missing a bunch of artists from the playlist and can't figure that one out either as the same songs have no problem showing up in my other portable music players. So originally gave this phone like 4 stars then took one back for the Bluetooth and now another one for the music player and we're down to 2 stars.My 87 year old grandparents are extremely hard of hearing and do not use smartphones. They wouldn't know what to do with a smartphone if they had one. This is the perfect choice. It's LOUD! They can hear it ring and hear when they talk. It's durable - if they drop it, it will survive. Perfect if all you want is a reliable flip phone.This phone is a great way to down grade from a smart phone, which I chose to do. It does everything my smart phone does except for the social media apps I had come to depend on, but I can find a simple work around for those. Verizon WILL NOT activate this phone on prepaid...Why? because it does a lot for a feature phone, even with the BREW MP 1.0 operating system, YouTube, Facebook and web browser, Opera Mini and MP3 music player works well on this phone. I activated my phone on PagePlus with 1GB of data and the phone has performed well. Others have complained about the font size, my phone hasn't had one single issue with the fonts, all sizes and styles worked like they where supposed to. This is a basic phone that happens to provide above average 3G speed and apps, do not compare it to smart phones.purchased for my 83 year old father that has no need for a smart phone. reception much better than his LG phone and no longer misses calls which would panic my sister and I.NOT a new unit I believe. Bought this to replace my Convoy 2. This phone seems to have a mind all it's own. Will switch to "Car Mode" by itself of which is annoying. Likely due to the sensitivity of the "Speaker Phone" button on the side. It's a whisker bigger than the Convoy 2 but smaller than the Convoy 4. Does not come in original packaging F.Y.I. which leads me to believe it refurbished. Battery life is very good, and phone quality is top notch with crystal clear calls. Hoping I never have to go to a smart phone.This basic phone was purchased for my sister. She likes the basic phone. It replaces a Samsung Haven. So far this phone has been easy to connect to her Verizon plan without issues. Shape wise it is great. Nice looking basic phone. If anything changes in which I need to update this review I will. I recommend this phone/seller.They forgot to mention it no longer meets network requirements and can't even be connected at all :( waste of time and money.Purchased as a replacement for a Motorola V9. Personally after a short use, it is not as good or easy to use. It is inconveniently engineered compared to the Motorola. I live rural and the tower isn't that far, but the reception and connection isn't as good. Although the phone does work, if one has had a better engineered phone, then it doesn't stand up. Additionally, the phone is small and for a man sized hand is a bit inconvenient, and keys are small and close. Accessing programs, is time consuming. As I said phone is just not thought out well. But it works and since common plane phones are scarce, it is about as good as it gets.Just got this phone and already i can tell the difference. Better audio qaulity than my motorola barrage, better camera picture and video recording quality. And it has a 3.5mm headset peripheral!!! That means I don't have to mess around with two different cords (a 2.5mm adapter cord and the headset) and I can just plug in the industry standard headset right into the phone. The processor inside it is faster too, so the GUI and other systems move so much faster. I didn't even buy the brand new one, I got a refurbished one for half price!!! Update, not a good phone. Turn's out I have to yell at the phone when it's in speakerphone mode, and sometimes in normal mode.I had to have a rugged cell phone that could handle possible roughness/accidents....This is it. The Samsung Convoy 3 has a lot of functions!Although, the buttons are very small to operate-to scroll, activate functions etc. Sometimes it makes you value the ease of smart phone operations.This phone is soild and functional. The audio on calls is good, the external speakers are okay, battery life is good, response time can be a little slow. Screen is a little small and its kind of hard to view pictures. The features are surprisingly customizable. You can change text size, set individual ringtones and notification sounds, change the shortcuts and the functions of the side buttons. These can all be done with a little exploring and help from the manual or forums online. A lot of the the reviews i read have complaints that could be solved if they tried a little. If you're looking for a good basic phone, I recommend the convoy 3.The phone was nice size and the style I wanted but I had to return it because it did not work on the verzion prepaid plan. Customer service would not activate the phone b/c it was outdated and not the new 4G upgrade model. It was totally unusable. I couldn't get the phone to work.We ordered this phone for a mechanic at work as he wanted a more "rugged" phone and Verizon isn't currently offering any. At first we were hesitant to order one off the internet but we were able to get it set up and his contacts imported in less than 5 minutes. We highly recommend!This phone works great for my husband. He just wants a simple phone to use when needed. He doesn't want or need to go on the internet or take pictures, he just wants one to make phone calls. This phone works great for what he needs.I have had Convoy 1&2. 3 is better in that it does not pocket text all the time like 2 did. Rugged and loud, with not many choices in basic phones, I'll take it!I had problems with this phone from the very beginning. It wouldn't hold a charge. They shipped me a different battery and it worked for a while but stopped working after 6 months. Warranty is only 60 days so I'm SOL.I bought the phone online to replace one just like it and found out that Verizon would not support it even though the phone was supposedly "Verizon " compatible.was out dated tryed and verizon would not let me use it to out datedIts a flip phone. Works like a flip phone. I bought this phone to keep my wifes personal number while she uses a work phone. Havent really used it. Its just been sitting in a drawer. The battery DID last nearly a month tho, so theres that.What a great phone for the $. My 12 year old uses and abuses this phone and it keeps on working like a charm!The phones are in great condition when I received them. I have only setup one and there was no issue at all. We use these phones for our Drivers and can pretty much beat up but it's a good phone.Purchased this phone for my husband after his got run through the wash. This phone is very sturdy and great if you aren't into the whole texting thing. Bought this a lot cheaper than going through the Verizon store for the very same phone.This phone still had the contacts, text messages, and pictures. It wasn't anything to delete them, one would just expect that stuff to be done. Phones good.sadly the phone did not live very long, like 4 and half months...not the sellers fault just a crappy phone. the chargers they came with the phone said they were the wrong chargers.I was so happy to see this phone available at Amozon. I have the same phone and now my wife an I can both enjoy them.issues with loading contacts and deleting multimedia messages, otherwise works good.Rugged phone, gets a lot of laughsPhone seems durable. It is comfortable to hold. It has great sound volume and clarityNot grand thought wed return but was charged a restocks ng fee :(Serves it's purpose. Perfect for my husband the tech phobe. Clam type phones are hard to find! Seems heavy duty.Good phone for basic needs and that is what my mom wanted. Simple to use. My only knock is that the ring doesn't ring real loud even at full level. Had some minor difficulties and Taylor Wireless was completely willing to work with me and return phone if I had to. Took it to verizon and they reprogrammed it and now it is just fine.great product!I am very happy, thank-uThe screen on this phone stopped working within 6 weeks. Seller would not allow a return. Very disappointedfirst the battery quit...replaced it...then it stopped all together...trashed itgood phone for the moneyGood basic phone. The numbers could be larger and letters when typing texting could be larger. The battery life is shorter than advertised.exellentIt's perfect for my husband who is always doing something outside in the weather. He needs a rugged phone just in case there is an accident, plus he cant hear very well and he can hear clearly on this phoneGREAT PHONE! BUT THE CONVOY 4 HAD ALL THAT I WANTED....ORDERED CONVOY 4.....RETURNED CONVOY 3;Quick service and fantastic product!!I would not purchase again, can't hold phone w/o turning sound off. Can't easily access speaker phone or lock it on. Red button is useless for my needs. I will be getting a different phone and it won't be a samsung.Bought it for my mom as a replacement phone. Own one my self and works well. Won't get sucked into the smartphone arena. Not worth the cost.Works great with clear and crisp communication. The only thing that I don't like about it is, that on the Motorola Barrage (an older predecessor phone), the volume was loud. This phone, the volume isn't as loud and I cannot hear it over loud fan noise or engine noises.Got this phone for my dad. Exactly what he needed. Rugged and sturdy. Works perfectly!works wellI bought this for my husband and he loves it!!!!this phone voice is clear,but the key reacting is lagging,and some time i cannot turn the camera on.do any body has the same feeling?Work okay. Cover is sort of loose, but useableGreat condition and it works really well. Very happy with the purchase. We chose this one because they guaranteed it.Unfortunately returned . Unable to change font and background color of text for easier reading. Otherwise, good phone.My Dad and Mom love the upgrade to a newer flip phone.Doesn't charge.Great value.Phone was what we wanted,but it now keeps shutting off. Missing alot of calls. No longer have info to contact seller.Phone would randomly shut off. Got refunded!Great phone & priceGreat phone, I was very glad to see that everything works on it.Phone was in clean looking condition but did have a broken screen.The Samsung is a handy device that travels well in my pocket. It doesn't take much space and is easy to use.Decent flip phone. Be aware that Samsung chargers are noisy! They make a high pitched noise when charging. This is not isolated to this model or just phones, but many Samsung products. I have read many reviews and blogs about the issue and the best solution is to use a different brand of charger. My other issues with the phone are that the manual is totally lame. It is a very small "manual" that covers little more than the physical anatomy and most basic functions. It gives you no real information about the real use and programming. Some programming functions have a Help option which has real information, but many don't and you are on your own to figure out how to program it and why. I was very unhappy with the initial programming (such as the Lock feature and Driving Mode) and it took some work to get the phone working the way that I wanted. The phone does NOT include a holster or case as some reviews led me to believe. Voice commands don't seem to work with anything but contacts and calling numbers. Despite all of the above, it met my expectations and does NOT have some of the flaws that similar phones have. It has not shut off, or lost signal, and the battery life is good. I get a nice 3G and 1xxxx signal. It has a flashlight function that activates the camera flash for several seconds which is nice, if you don't do it when pointed in your face! I wish that there was still a Verizon flipin phone with a QWERTY keyboard like the EN-V-3. I REALLY miss the QWERTY keyboard for texting. It met my expectations and seems to be the best option out there for this type of phone on the Verizon network. (I read hundreds of reviews and ratings on several phones before buying it and many more since.) Much better choice than the new (more expensive) Convoy 4.have one before..pictures arent bad, but use it at work, more durablegood phoneGood, wellmade, piece of equipment.Just what we wanted--had one before --for flip phone they are the bestMy mother is happy, that's all that matters!Best cell phone I have ever owned.Dependable, durable and easy to use. Battery lasts for days.I bought this phone for my dad. He has trouble hearing and works a lot outdoors. He is able to hear well and he doesn't have to worry about getting nicks or scratches. The phone is well worth the money!Great spare phone, just for making calls and taking simple picsVery laggy and slow to respond. I only keep this phone because of its flashlight ability and I'm not yet converted to smartphones. I really hate that it takes a few seconds for the time to display on the screen after you push a button. I'm very quick to say "hello" after answering and most of the time I have to wait about three seconds before I say anything because the other side will maybe hear "o" if they are lucky and even hear that.Phone is pretty good if you are looking for old phoneGreat phone.Takes lots of abuse and keeps working.Excellentjust what I needed.have a difficult time with people being able to understand me, other than that a great flip phone.Nice and sturdy phone. My husband has a similar one. Sturdy built and easy to navigate.Solid basic phone - saves me a doodooload of money over smartphone.Easy to use, compact design. Good speaker phone, decent camera. Amazon is wonderful to deal with. Keeps it's charge for a long time.Excellent purchaseSo far so good. Had for more than a month to dateonly had for 2 weeks but so far so goodworked just great had no problem setting it upStill working even though my husband has dropped it more times than the ball in times square.Shipped in quoted time; arrived as advertised. Good solid phone.BSR Cellular, thank you for the wonderful customer service. The phone I received is better than I expected!3 months and now won't keep a chargeSound is a little off, but overall it is a good phone so far. Buttons on outside are not that easily bumped, but you do need to use cautionThis phone is all I need to get and make telephone calls. In fact it is clearer and easier to hear conversations than the smart phone I was using. If you text you won't like this phone or if you web surf of even play games, but with the $30 I'll save each month I can buy a better than decent digital camera for when I want to take pictures; and pictures and calls is all I need.The phone was defective. Not sure why but Verizon Store screwed it up. Called Verizon and they shipped another one out with no problem. But this phone had problems. My father (who I bought it for) loves the one that works though.This phone has more features than the old ones did. It was worth it to get this new one because the last Convoy would not shut off. It works well for my husband who is rather hard on his electronics. I do the programming of it and it is tedious, but easy...at least for me. He is pleased with it.I have nothing but problems with this phone. It was replaced one and the microphone is bad. Voice cuts in and out. Very unhappy with this phoneThe phone is okay, and that is about all that can be said. Samsung and Verizon literature indicate that this phone will synch up to your computer via a USB cable. Store reps told me that it is possible to synch and exchange files with your computer via Bluetooth. After hours working the issue, I learned that this device is NOT capable of synching to an Apple product either through the USB cable or Bluetooth. The device is intended to be synch'd to a Windows PC (can not verify if this actually works). Samsung support is rude and pretty much non-existent. Verizon support is a shade better, but after prolonged periods of being shuffled through the Verizon/Samsung systems of non-existent, unknowledgeable, and uncaring help, I finally spoke with a Verizon help person that plainly told me the facts. You can not synch this device using the Apple system (Bootcamp is supposed to work, but who wants a Mac emulating a PC)? The phone is big and bulky. The sound is sometimes muffled. You can save your photos and contacts to a micro SD which can be read by either a Mac or a Windows PC. The phone has a nice camera and a flashlight/flash built in. After running the gauntlet with Samsung Help, I would not recommend buying anything from the company.I bought this phone for my husband who has no interest whatsoever in having a "smart phone". He has not used it a ton but it looks durable and seems to work fine! While I could have had it from Walmart for cents-I would have had to call every day to see if any had come in. For $15, I got it in 2 days!I purchased this phone for my 75 year old father in law. It lasted 4 months. He rarely uses it but he is now unable to make calls at all. I thought $85 would last longer.I'm 19, but I don't really like smartphones so I use this. Cheap, rugged, and has alot of features for a flip phone, cheap. And oh yea it's cheap haha phone works great thoughNice phone very sturdy. The xt9 is horrible it will not learn anything you can't make it recognize new words. I called Samsung customer service to verify. Also the text when you input text is really small and there is no way to adjust. If you like curse words and can't see good don't buy this phone.For the older person who wants to just talk, expects durability, and likes to hear better from a phone this is the one on the market today that accomplishes all these expectations. Many of the other phones deal with high price texting options which this will do but we did not purchase the phone for this option. Also go to the Company, or other places to purchase this phone and you will find over 160.00 worth of fees to purchase a great phone for 19.00. This is the only way I will ever upgrade to a different phone and remove all the fees associated by a Independent Company who will same you with additional costs. Excellent choice for our needs and wants!!It's not waterproof though, I found this out the hard way...This phone has failed me for the last time. I threw it across the room and it broke against my monitor. I threw it out of fury. As had happened many times, the person on the other end kept asking if I was there and eventually hung up. The person called back and I got the all too familiar "Hello. Hello. Hello. Are you there?" and hung up again. That's when the phone went flying across the room and shattered against my monitor. The speaker sucked on this phone too. It wasn't loud enough and is unclear. I frequently had to ask people to repeat what they said. I haven't had a decent speaker phone in 10 years. Manufacturers have focused so much of their efforts into texting and apps, phones aren't good at phone calls. Although this phone isn't for texting and apps, it looks like they put their left over engineers on this phone's design and had the parts manufactured by whoever could give them the cheapest price.Got the phone for my father, it works like it should - A Phone.My mother-in-law does not like technology, so this phone was perfect for her. Replaced an old LG flip-phone and has worked great!Great Small multimedia phone .Phone powers down and shuts offf without warning. Waste of money!I love this product. Meet all expectationsBroke after 2 months!nice phone, nothing fancyno sim card and this was not stated before I bought it.Looked for a phone the same I have used for the past 7 years with no problems not even with the battery. The charges last for a week to ten days. My old phone still works as new. I have NO need or want a smart phone as my phone is treated very hard. I can know longer purchase this phone from Verizon under my contract. I'm in no hurry to start using the new phone but expect it to last just like my phone of the past 7 years I'm surprised Verizon does not offer one of the most durable phones you can purchase for those of us that want of phone of this style and durability..Likeed very much thanks.Just to be up front, I did not purchase this phone through Amazon, but directly from Verizon. I'm "old school", and didn't want a "smart" phone, (or the extra $30 a month for a Data Plan). After watching it for weeks, it finally went on sale for $0 with a new contract, so I jumped on it. After putting up with total cheap-O phones and poor cell service from T-Mobile Prepaid, I needed a new phone and carrier, so the Verizon deal was perfect. On to the Samsung Convoy 3... I've only had the phone since December 2nd, so this is a preliminary review of what I've found so far. I'll update it after I've had it longer. Thought I'd get my first impression out for folks like me who are need a new flip phone, but are having trouble finding many reviews of the Convoy 3. I never owned the two previous Convoys, so I can't compare. But from complaints about "pocket texting" and other inadvertent pushes of the outside buttons when carried in a pants pocket, the new Convoy 3 front button Lock is a big improvement. I have carried it in my pocket and have not had a problem walking around, or when pulling it out. BTW, this thing is pretty BIG for a flip phone, but still seems OK to carry in a pants pocket all day. Coming from a bottom of the line LG and Samsung pre-paid phone, the Convoy 3 is a MUCH nicer phone. It's well constructed and feels solid. Is it Military Grade tough? I doubt it. I don't find it any more solid than my wife's LG Accolade, but always thought her phone was a good quality device, much better than the newer Revere2 or Samsung Gusto that's available now. Manufacturers are putting most of the R & D, and quality design dollars into "smart phones" now, so finding a good flip phone nowadays is tough. The only other phone I considered was the LG Exalt, but didn't like the form factor and keys seemed cheapo. Many reviews s far rate the voice quality as very good, but I never had the chance to try it for comparison. The main screen is nice, with good resolution and clarity. The one brief time I tried it in the sun, it washed out, but I didn't expect it to stay that legible...remember it's not a Galaxy where the screen is everything ;-). The outer screen is small and a little cramped when using the shortcuts, but because the resolution is good, everything is legible. I like the outer screen and buttons being able to navigate some of the phone's functions when it's closed. Other things I really like is the customization options that were sorely lacking on my two previous crummy phones. I can't compare it to anything but my wife's LG, but seems like it has a few more bells and whistles. I don't use her phone, so maybe not the most informed opinion ;-). There is a lot I have to learn about the Convoy's menus and all the options available, but so far it seems pretty complete. I don't text, use the wireless web, or Bluetooth, so I can't comment on those features. Also, I haven't used the camera/video cam, so no idea of the quality of either. I will update those over time. As others have mentioned, the flashlight is great! Very bright, nicely defused light. I can see loving it in a pinch now that it's getting dark so early. I can't comment yet on coverage. I live in San Francisco, and so far I haven't had any issues. I will update as time goes on. As far as Voice Quality, I am just a tad disappointed it wasn't better. When I've talked to my wife on her Verizon cell, it sounded very much like we were on cell phones...clear and understandable, but slightly distorted. I have since turned down the volume and will see if that helps. Besides initial voice quality impressions, I had a couple other disappointments...I carry the phone in my pants pocket, so wanted something with a strong vibrate and loud ring. The convoy has neither. With one of the default ring tones, turned up to max, I still have a little difficulty hearing it if the speakers are facing my leg, and the vibrate isn't strong enough to help out. I'll update this too if I find another ring tone that's louder. This is my First Impression review, and I will update it after I've lived with my Convoy 3 for a while as I'm sure I will have more informed opinions about it then. 1-18-14 Update: Here are a few things I've noticed about the Convoy 3 since I've had it a while... 1. Announces Caller I.D. via speaker before phone rings. A little difficult to understand who it is when it's in a pocket, but nice feature if it's not. 2. Flashlight is really handy! When you activate it from the outside buttons, it only stays on a short time, but when activated with the phone open, it stays on. Just don't shine it in a friend's eyes ;-). 3. Photos taken in good light are really quite decent. Low light is more a challenge (not so great for sunsets when a flash won't help). Bluetooth transfer works fine. 4. Speaker phone function works with phone closed...yeay! Answer an incoming call by holding down the right spine Speaker button, and a start talking. No need to open the phone. The speaker has as much volume as I've needed so far. 5. If you want to check time, battery level, or whatever the outer display info shows, simply hit one of the outer buttons and it wakes up. Old flip without outer buttons had to be opened to view missed calls, battery level, etc. You have to unlock the buttons to use the menu, but for a quick glance at info, it's a nice touch. 6. No pocket texting, or any volume level changes, etc., from accidental button pushes. 7. Battery life is good...I may talk 15 minutes max a day, very few photos, flashlight or speaker use per week (give or take), and I've been getting around a week between charges. 8. I don't text much, but font size could be a touch larger. I can still read it without glasses though. 9. Missed call reminder ringtone is nice, and programmable. 10. Vibrate mode is almost too weak to be useable in a pocket. WTF? A "rugged" phone with a wimpy vibrate mode? C'mon Samsung! 11. Wakeup delay of a couple seconds when opening the phone to make a call makes me wonder if it's on or not. 5-8-14 Update: A couple things I've noticed that are more negative :-(. 1. Tone of speaker is too warm or muddy, at least for me. I wish there was a Tone control to add treble. I'm sure my years of listing to Rock music at too high of levels has killed my sensitivity to higher frequencies (my mom told me this would happen!), but I find my wife's older LG Accolade has clearer call quality. 2. Coverage could be better. Again, compared to the wife's Accolade, the Samsung Convoy 3 loses signal easier - not a lot, but occasionally it drops a call in a spot the LG wouldn't. 3. I've been texting more, and the fonts really need one size larger. Seems like Samsung could address this with a software update, but I'm not holding my breath :-(. 4. A lot of difficulty getting the thing to connect to my computer via USB to download video or multiple photos - picking out a bunch of photos on the small screen is tedious to do via Bluetooth. A couple positives :-) 1.Outdoors in good light, the camera is pretty good for a flip phone. You won't confuse the photos with those taken with a smartphone or good digital camera, but now I don't miss my Canon Elph QUITE as much or always feel the need to drag my regular camera around to grab a quick photo. 2. Speakerphone is nice and loud, and to me, a little clearer than the regular handset speaker (as long as the volume isn't cranked up TOO high). 3. Using a Micro SD card alleviates the issue of cumbersome transferring of files via Blue Tooth. Thank goodness Samsung included a Micro SD card port!Knew I was getting a used phone, but this is the worse purchase I ever made with Amazon. Scratches all over the phone, some buttons don't work well. And when Im talking it sounds like Im under water. Very disappointed.Very fast delivery! Will order again, when I need a new cell phone.had issues with the phoneExcellent purchase - very satisfiedvery good phone.I like my phone, had a convoy 1 for 4 yrs & loved it. haven't had the 3 long enough to know how it will lastMore features than my Convoy 1.The alarm clock is faulty and the phone lags. Whenever I receive any text messages, I HAVE to open them and they disrupt whatever I am currently doing on the phone. I am not impressed in the slightest with this phone. I will be returning it.Pretty cheap phone, im in construction though so I usually get the casios. Maybe ok if you sit at a desk for a living.I THOUGHT THIS WAS A BRAND NEW PHONE BUT IT HAS SO MANY QUIRKS AND NOW I HAVE TO TSKE IT TO A VERIZON STORE TO HAVE IT CHECKED OUT, AND I AM DISABLED AND ONLY 40yrs OLD AND VERY SICK WITH LOTS OF PHYSICAL STUFF SO THANKSIn December, 2014 my original model Convoy would no longer accept a charge and wouldn't work even when plugged in. The phone was less than 4 years old. I called Verizon to get a replacement battery and was told they no longer had any. So, I ordered the current model of the Convoy (the 3). It arrived in 2 days and for the heck of it, I opened the back and it uses exactly the same battery as the one I was told they no longer had. Ever since this phone has arrived, battery life is extremely erratic. Let me preface this by stating I almost never use the phone and it functions mainly as a nightstand clock. If I check the time or see if I've gotten any calls it's opened about 3 or 4 times a day and that's it. I always make sure that when the battery gets low (just one bar) to fully recharge it. The charge lasts anywhere from a week or two to just overnight. And I then re-charge it, sometimes all day long. Again, sometimes by the next morning I get one or no bars for battery life. I brought it into Verizon when I first got it. They checked it and said there was no problem with the battery and had no idea why the charge would go down so much virtually overnight. Don't know if others have had this problem but sooner or later I'm going to need to get a new and definitely different cell phone.My Convoy III flip phone is absolutely waterproof. While duck hunting flooded timber near Stuttgart, AR this past January, I had placed it on the log I was standing by while preparing to greet some incoming mallards. When I returned my attention back to the log, the phone was gone. Apparently my lab, on an elevated stand that was against the log, had also moved to watch the incoming ducks and had shifted the stand against the log, knocking it into the water. Knowing where I had placed it and estimating which way it had been moved, I pulled up my shirt and coat sleeve and touched it first grab. I shook off the water and opened it to a beautiful wallpaper photo of my Christmas tree farm covered in a fresh snow. Wow, I was instantly relieved and, at the same time, was totally impressed with the phone. The only problem (dropped listening volume) has just occurred after 3 years of uninterrupted service. Fortunately I can offset that by simply switching to speaker before answering. I have to keep the speaker volume lowered as it is quite loud at full volume.I hate this phone. I just wanted a basic phone that works and can send simple text messages. This is not that. This is the biggest piece of junk I have ever owned. I understand they want you to buy a smartphone. Most people are very stupid and need to play angry birds. I just want to send text messages on a phone that is tough. I received one of these and it did not work out of the box, it was not easy to replace as Verizon is pretty lame. I paid full retail in early 2016 for this phone and it has been the most disappointing thing I have owned since owning a smartphone. The number one worst thing about this is every time you type a message a apostrophe S comes up when you hit the period button. With a or a number of completely different words. Sometimes you have to hit the next word button ten times to enter a period. It is stressful. You can not update words to add things to the dictionary, as was possible in the past. It takes twice as long to send a message as any phone I have ever had. There is nothing you can do about it. No one cares. Play some angry birds. Who needs to work?This is the third in the Convoy series. My entire family has smart phones but I have no use for them. I do like flip-phones and have now owned all three. Convoy 1 was a good phone. Was tough, had a fairly good battery but had a stone-age camera. Uplink to 3G available most of the time when you need it. Convoy 2 has a better camera but was reduced in size and durability from a rugged hand phone into something you needed to use your pinky finger to operate... and never in the dark. Uplink to 3G for pics almost impossible. Convoy 3 has, so far, been the best of the trio. Buttons are well illuminated, the camera is worthy and the battery is about standard if not a tad better. Uplink to 3G as needed for transmitting pictures works well. Four Stars for the third born because... apparently, Samsung got the message and made the Convoy 3 as it should be. If you like flip phones and want something for non-delicate hands and fingers? This could be your best shot. ...The phone's sound quality is excellent. Sound is very distinct, much better than most small phones that I have used. It is also a handsome, easy-to-hold phone that has great sound for a small phone. An excellent phone.I love the phone in all respects except for one thing and it is a deal breaker. I specifically got a Convoy 3 because I had a Convoy 2 and loved it. The Convoy 3, and I'm on my 5th in 5 months, goes mute in the middle of a conversation. I can hear but whoever I'm talking to can not hear me. When I answer the phone I have to tell folks that it happens or they hang up on me thinking I'm gone. 5 phone and all have done exactly the same thing.This device does exactly what I want it to do and then some. Most important to me was the ability to stop all the telemarketer and scam calls. Now I don't have to put up with any of that crap! Secondly, I wanted a sturdy device that will take a few bumps and bruises. Lastly, I wanted a manufacturer I feel good about and I've had good luck with Samsung products.Overall, the phone is good. The only thing is that at first while on speakerphone, the person receiving call had problems hearing me. I later discovered that by cutting off Noise Cancellation Setting, the problem went away.Not a good phone. Got it from Verizon to replace a lost Casio. The Samsung is not in the same league as Casio Ravine. I only need a basic phone with speaker capability and the Samsung did nothing but squeak and rattle at me. Verizon praised the phone and said if I turn the volume down it won't squeak and rattle. Their right but you can't hear it either. Verizon has good telephone service and terrible Customer service--really bad. I bought a CASIO from Amazon.com and will take it to Verizon to get it put in service, and even though is is a substandard telephone I will need to pay a stocking charge.I have owned the Convoy 2 for years and found it to be a great phone for my age (now 68)... when I sent my last phone through the wash and it could not be rescued, I bought two of the Convoy 3's to have one as backup... What I totally failed to do was note the reviews which said the font size on messages cannot be changed. It is significantly smaller than that of the Convoy 2, which is really, really annoying. I feel I have wasted my money on this "upgraded" version. If you texSamsung Convoy 3, Gray (Verizon Wireless)t a lot, as I do, find a better phone!The size of the letters in text messages is sooo tiny that you can hardly read them - have tried & tried to make them larger but it just won't. My pictures were transferred from my Convoy 2 unto the Convoy3 but they are not as sharp and they won't fill the page, aggravating with a larger screen. Have not been able to keep T9 set have to select it each time. Just hope the 3 is as sturdy as C-2.Basic, sturdy, functional, a joy to have. Better than I expected. I like to talk, text and not be inundated with senseless, contradictory and unwanted data.I owned convoy2 and had no choice but convoy3 now. The font is so small I can hardly read and pictures sent to me are very small. Why would Samsung change the font on the newer phone so small we can't read . I text everyday with grandchildren and am stuck with this for 2 years.durable phone. decent price. works as it should.There has to be a software problem on this phone. The text font on the Convoy 3 is 1/2 the size of the Convoy 2. It is nearly impossible to use. I spoke with Samsung and they couldn't fix it. You have two choices small and smaller. Other then that it is very similar to the Convoy 2.If you want to buy this, I have a few words for you: Get a life. Get a Galaxy S4 (this is just a joke, no hater replies ;P)I have read many reviews about this phone on this website, Verizon and other sites and they all say the same thing about this phone. One says the text is to small for texting and the images are not as good as the convoy 2 phone. Another person says it is not true. There are to many conflicting opinions so I am waiting before I make a decision to buy or not. I will try going to a Verizon store to see if they have one there to look at and try out. Guess that is the only way for me to see for myself before purchasing.Since my dad cannot use a smart phone, we always buy him a basic type of phone. This is the second one we have bought pre owned and we havent been disappointed yet. The buttons are big enough for his fingers, and it has all the basic functions he would need in order to use it. It even works with his headset. Battery lasts Him all day even if he uses it a lot. Would defiantly recommend for anyone older or looking for a reliable basic phone.Amazing product! Very satisfied! when i ordered this product used it said condition is acceptable. So i expected lots of heavy scratches when it arrived no scratches at all no flaw in the screen or quality of the speakers nothing was wrong it was a brand new phone pretty much! I recommend this product for a child's first phone!Let me start by saying that I love Samsung products. However, I've found that this phone has one detrimental issue. It continually pops up saying "NO SIM CARD INSERTED." I've gone to T-Mobile and they told me this is a known issue. They gave me a new SIM card but the problem just got worse. My phone will have to be restarted because of this issue 5-10 times a day. Sometimes one right after another. What's worse is unless I'm constantly on it, I don't know when it happens. So I could have the error for hours thinking my phone is fine but really I've been unable to receive calls, texts or emails. I'm trying to work with Samsung to see about getting it replaced but I haven't gotten an answer yet.I'm so glad I bought this phone. It came on time and package was sealed. I upgraded from a galaxy s2 to the s4. I love it, takes awesome pics. I was able to switch it to Net10. I just put my sim in this phone and it automatically switched. No regrets!The phone came in great condition as far as outer appearance is concerned. No dents or scratches. My issue is that the phone takes hours to charge but loses a charge very quickly. Also it keeps losing the sim card. I got an error several tea day that says it lost the sim signal and I have to restart the phone. Not to excited about that. Other than that it works.Glad I went this way. Saved money, not under contract and have full T-mobile support and service. Works perfectly, new and clean ESN. Get full 4G support which is unavailable from T-mobile with unlocked non-T-mobile phones. Wish I could have found a t-mobile mini version.Save your money. While in general Samsungs are great phones, you should be cautious of great offers and deals on the S4. Bought a new phone that turned out to be defective. Nothing can be done to fix it, get a refund or simply return it. The SIM card readers are not working properly, phone keeps on restarting.This phone works perfectly even though it was used ... worth taking the chance of buying it over the Internet .. it is fast and has a lot of features easy to useGood phone. Came from a seller who claimed negligible use and was accurate about that; screen was in great condition. Phone itself has a roomy screen, and someone like me who was living and dying by QWERTY slider phones is semi-okay with this. There's enough space on-screen without my huge thumbs smashing multiple letters. T-Mobile version, currently upgradable to Android 4.4.4 (as of 2015-20-19). Don't get me wrong, soon as a Lollipop QWERTY non-Verizon slider phone comes out, I'll be all over it, but this one seems very usable for my needs. Fast and responsive, 1080P resolution screen. Comes with a lot of carrier bloatware though, and in the end, you have about 9 GiB of actual usable space. Turning some of it off doesn't seem to affect it adversely.I ordered this phone and the shipping was delayed, but based upon the information provided, it was due to USPS and not in any way the seller's fault. When the phone arrived, it was as promised. I have used it for a couple of weeks now and it works fine.I love this phone. Great condition and great price.Water Damaged Device Wont Power On And Removed The water damge maker to hide the fact but forgot to on the batteryHAD SOME ISSUES AT FIRST BUT AFTER REPLACING THE BATTERY IT WORKS GREAT!!!I needed a phone that was locked for Tmobile. It was just as it was described. It was brand new right out of the box. The only problem with was the wall charger didn't work at all.Fast delivery ordered Friday morning and recieved it Monday afternoon. Great phone for being used no problem with Tmobile just a new sim card purchase. Tiny knick on side of phone, a case can hide that. My son will be extremely happy with it :) Just as good as my s4 going to my daughter that I purchased new. Would purchase from again!Very nice phone with more features than we can use.Love this phone! Awesome Price! Exactly as described. I will definitely be checking back with you guys in the future.Perfect; as described. Received it in time.works like a charmWell over a year now & works great.we haven't had any problems with it (yet...)Great phone and fast enough for what I need.Working great, but some damage to battery area that wasn't reported in the description. The damage is to the out side and hasn't affected charging at all.Just as described. The phone came brand new in packaging and no problems activating it. The phone is fully functionalThe cellular came is was aannounced. Was basically new, and it works perfect, It came fast and the cost was convenient because the phone is new and I wont be attached to any contract.It was a gift for my wife, she love it.Good smart phone!Arrived broken!Sim import messes up continually that I had to upgrade to the s5I love this phone more than the galaxy note phones and I don't know why, something about it is more appealing to the eye and it's features are amazing. If you don't own this phone yet I recommend you wait till the s5 is out because it has already been revealed by samsung.I like the S4's big screen, high pixel count, and feature set. I use PTEL prepaid and minimize my data usage with wifi and minutes usage with google voice. The screen is big enough that browsing the web is feasible. I don't like that I can't remove all the preloaded apps.The phone work perfect and the shipping was fast.Bought a phone and the home button didn't even work. It was suppose to be brand new.Phone in condition stated no compliantsIt's goodSent me the wrong color and the sound worked for a few minutes and then you couldn't make a call.Excellent condition!my daughter loves itIt came fast. Happy with the phone but may be changing from T-Mobile to AT&T. So be sure you will be able to unlock it if need be.Item works well no problems.Came as expected. Great phone.Impressed!!NiceWonderful device.Thank youIm used to the iphone so i dont like it.But I bought for my husband and he loves it. You just have to get used to it I guess.Everything works great!Very happy with move from iphone 4 Galaxy S4 was brand new in box improved battery life to iphone4 color and clarity of the display is excellent upgrade to Android 4.3 no problems transferred simm card from iphone4 to Galaxy S4 and it started right up no problems at all very pleased with purchase of Galaxy S4You guys brought me happiness in the form of a phone. I dont know how u got the phones but I totally appreciate the service, thanksNot satisfied with the phone because I had to bring it to a repair shop because of its microphone which didn't work properly then for the volume button which was stuck. I tought I bought a new. But it wasn't the case that time. Not happy at all.I LOVE THIS PHONE U CAN DO EVERYTHING ON IT IM GLAD I BROUGHT IT FOR MYSELF FOR X-MAS AND I GOT IT FAST IT DIDN'T TAKE A WEEK TO GET IT IMMA REALLY ENJOY THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY S4Awesome phone. I got is gently used. Actually seemed more like new. minor scratches. Phone is a dream and the battery life is awesome. Finished charging it once I got it. and the charge is going well into the next day. My seller was icing on the cake.the Phone came with a different operating system not the android operating system...Kept asking me to reboot the PhoneThe description was right on at first it didn't allow me to call or text but once I updated all the apps it worked just like new I definitely love itThis phone overheats.The sound comes and goes making calls impossible at any given moment.The seller refused to grant me a refund.Is a great phone, like New, only dont come with all accessories, but is fine, i think is a good shapeThe s4 is awesome. it has all kinds of cool feachers. i love Google voice and the new android OS 4.2.2 even though they have android 4.3 Samsung's apps work awesome with 4.2.2. the camera is great and the zoom is awesome.This phone was not unlocked!Want a refundExcelentThe phone stopped working mysteriously after a few weeks of use, the screen is completely black. The phone did not charge from the moment I recieved it. I had to buy a seperate battery charger to use it which added $40 to my expenses. I have vowed to never shop online again.i bought this last month and it came sealed and looked like a new phone. After a month, there was "not registered on network" sign popping out whenever i want to make a call. I thought there was a problem with the sim card, i went to T-mobile to get a new sim card, but the problem still persists. The T-mobile attendant then scanned my phone to check it. It shows on the screen that the phone is blocked for FRAUD! It means that the phone is a STOLEN phone.Hardware is definitely great. However, the UI is too much worse than the Nexus 4 I have. It just make me so hard to use this device.Phone is as described. It came brand new, sealed in box. I just popped my sim card and sd card in and began using it. Been going strong for over a month without a problem. Thanks!I read most of the reviews here trying to figure out why this only got a 4 star. Apparently lots of people here are just complaint about being scamed when they bought a used phone. The other big complaint is it didn't come with all the accessory's. If they would have all bought a band new one they would have rated this phone 5 stars. I have had this phone for 2 years now and it still is my favorite phone. I'm upgrading to the note 4 when it is released. The s4 also seems to have a lot more camera mode options than the s5.Constantly comes up no Sim card inserted. Junk phone.So far so good, no problem.I have this phone since July love it to dead,used to be an Isheep after this phone no way I would go back to iphone, Trust me I am a phone geek have used many phones since my first one, the Oki phone cost me $1300 in 1989. I recommend this phone to every one i know, it may seem hard to use for iphone users but it's ok there many user guides on Youtubeif you want a simple phone go for the iphone. But for tech geeks like my self is a definite buy. I had this phone for sprint for like 2 weeks loved it. but the plans for it is outrages thats why im going to the the tmobile version.meets all expectations. fast deliveryThis is the best smart phone, I'm very happy with it.I ordered one used black T-Mobile S4 (M919) from GreenWireless in California because I needed a donor phone to place the motherboard from my own S4 into. (I just dropped mine smashing the screen and case beyond repair and the digitizer wasn't even functional anymore and neither was the LCD. So I needed to get access to my data!) This phone came in absolutely perfect, I would say, easily MINT condition for its age and very clean. No water damage, nothing broken. Power up, - worked beautifully. Took out it's motherboard and dropped in mine from the broken phone and ta-da, - I got all my data.Received item 2 days after ordering it. The seller had great communication when I contacted them inquiring about the product. On day 2 using the phone and so far no problems. Not 1 thing to complain about. Very happy customer. If I need another phone, I will go through Evan's Deals.I love this phone. I broke my old S4, bought an S5. Hated the S5 and went back to the S4. Forget all the new features newer phones have. This Galaxy S4 has it all. I also used to own the S3 and loved it but the S4 has a better camera. If you're looking to save money on an older phone, this is it.Love it but all the software interface is overwhelming. I plan to finally read the owner's manual and have downloaded it for reading later. This phone is my lifeline and I think I may need an backup plan since all my life's connections are so centralized into one device. Should start looking for a solution as this phone is paramount to good living and losing it would be devastating to my business.wouldn't charge sometimes, and not because of my cords. It would then die and I couldn't get it on for a day, then it would charge only off sometimes. Just kinda a very inconvenient phoneThe phone was "upgraded" with several extra software programs that I did not like. I wish it was the same as the factory issued phones. It wound up causing several problems.Samsung phones have always been good for me, and this one is no exception. Arrived on time, works great, great condition but there is no radio chip in this phone. I really enjoy listening to radio and having two devices while I bike or walk is ridiculous. Why can't they put in a radio chip?Seller committed insurance fraud with this device. I couldn't unlock it or use it!The screen will periodically stop responding to touch. Researched the net and it appears to be an issue with the aftermarket screen replacement.Quick delivery, everything as advertise. Extremely satisfied. Samsung S4 is a very very good phone. -still.This arrived in better condition than described. It worked great. I simply plugged my SIM in and started making calls. You can't ask for better service or product.Upgrading from a Galaxy S2 that had lost its GPS and Bluetooth. This runs much faster and I really like the look of the display.Awesome... I love this phone... shipping was fast and sooner than I thought. The person I bought it from even threw in a free case. no problems with it being blacklisted or bad IMEI.... as soon as I got it, I got it activated. Only had it for a couple days and I still can't live without itFair price. Great product. Fast shipping.Worked good for a while but then phone kept saying it couldn't read sim card and shutting down. Was charging phone and a part inside the phone came out so now it's useless.Really good phone and just found out it was unlock thats a plus. Get this phone or the Note 3 a great buy!Thought it would be more USA friendly. It turns out that it isn't 4G LTE accessible. :(GoodOkI love my phone, only problem is it was listed as black, but I received a white one, everything works perfectly and it came brand new and the price I couldn't pass this phone up.Work as great as IPhone on GSM Network, painted chrome strip peels/chips easily. Beats HTC DNA by Verizon by leaps and bounds, fast charging and long battery lifeit said new, but what i got was definitely used. still like the phone but gave it 4 stars instead of 5This phone has been bricked twice. DON'T BUY. Samsung seems to not care about having these phones last for more than two months.I got this used phone when switching to T-Mobile. I wanted one in good shape and ordered a used one in the hopes it would be in excellent condition. This phone was so new that the prior owner had not removed all the plastic strips that protect the sides of the phone! The S4 is very nice, comfortably sized, great battery life, and with my update to Cyanogenmod it totally kicks the ass of any other phone I've ever had. Throw in a 64 GB card and I have 80 GB to shuttle around ridiculous amounts of movies, mp3s, pictures, games, and anything else I damn well please. Awesome.goodWorks great. Received on time as advertised.Did not hsve the galaxy box and did not have the original samsung charger had to buy one. Was a gift so a little dissapointedI got a black berry charger with it, but it works. So good buy !!Excelent product. I am to happy Thanks a lot off. It is great samsung s 4 the best thanks youWhen I received this phone in the mail, it got there very fast and I was delighted to have my first galaxy S4, however...I did have to send it back to the place from where it was shipped because of a blocked reason. I will be receiving a new one and I am very happy about this. it is a great phone, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a bigger and better phone with an amazing camera,Used it over half year now. So far so good. Good seller. very helpful!Excellent 4th generation Galaxy.my samsung galaxy s4 is stolen phone . Soled me stolen Phone . 0 Star Rate . don't buy it.There was nothing wrong with the phone at all. It was pretty much new! Just put my SIM card in and started using it.Very bad not good Not buy nothing en this companyI didn't directly purchase it here but I just want to say that I love my S4. BUT the sides are easily dented and the home button is harder to press as time goes by. Maybe it's just my unit.Just got this phone today and it came earlier than the expected shipping date. Phone is in perfect condition. And I'm using it as I type. I was in desperate need of a new phone. This was definitely a great buy. Worth every cent.I bought the S4 three months ago and I a on my fifth phone. The screen has gone bad four times. Each time the phone is replaced under the warranty I am charged $21.20 for the warranty replacement.Phone comes up with "Unable to Detect SIM. Phone will reboot and attempt to detect SIM" error. Then phone reboots. Have sent to Samsung Factory Service 3 times. Error still occurring. They have had it more than I have. If you want a smartphone that actually works, avoid Samsung. They will not issue a replacement phone.When I inadvertently ruined my HTC 8X Windows phone, I decided to buy a Samsung Galaxy S4 Android Phone. All my research indicated it had all of the bells and whistles and was the best phone currently in the market. Well, after struggling to figure out how to use the phone over the last three weeks, I now regret my decision to replace the HTC 8X with the Samsung S4: better is not always the best option. My biggest gripe is that I got used to the very simple ease of use in making phone calls, responding to email, sending text messages, taking photos, and recording videos on the Windows based HTC 8X. For example, on the 8X, I only had to hold the button on the side of the "locked" phone to snap a picture while on the S4 I have to unlock the phone, find the camera app, open it, and the snap the - now long gone - picture. Emails on the 8x were simple - I just opened up the individual active account and read the email while on the S4 all of the emails are combined, making it difficult to manage. I note that I have been forced to find another email app to use. Finding contacts to call, on the 8X,I simply did a simple search for the contact, pushed a button and the phone made the call. On the S4, it takes many button presses before I can find the contact. I note that this is the difference between how Google responds to local searches versus how Bing responds to local searches. I am generally not a fan of Bing, but I did like the fact that I could simply obtain a business' address and phone number using only a voice search while on the S4 Android phone I had to refine the voice search using my fingers. The S4 is bigger, and even though I have large hands, I feared that I would drop it if I used one hand to dial the numbers. I also accidentally find that holding the phone next to my face causes the accidental pressing of the buttons. I could continue, but overall, the Android operating system on the S4 takes more effort and is less user friendly to use than the Windows operating system on the HTC 8X. Note though, the 8X is not without its share of problems. It was so thin that I could not easily grip the phone. There was a problem with access to YouTube. It did not have expandable storage. I could not swap batteries. It did not have the wide variety of apps which Android users enjoy. You were also forced to use Zune to backup or move data compared to simply transferring data to the micro SD card and then removing the card. Overall, for business use, I preferred the Windows operating system of the HTC 8X. For personal use I would select the Android. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * UPDATE: After not getting adequate assistance on how to get the S4 to function better at T-mobile (they really did try but just were not well trained on the non-Samsung apps), I went to the Samsung Booth inside the local Best Buy store for help with the problems and functionality I experienced with the phone. The Samsung rep and I worked on my S4 for hours trying to get it to work correctly. He eventually backed everything up to my micro SD card and then did a hard reset of the phone to erase all of the software. He explained that he discovered that my phone had received an incremental update from T-mobile and that Samsung incremental updates are known to cause problems. He recommended we do a complete factory reset and reload the new factory software. Contrary to my belief, not all of the apps were automatically backed up and reloaded after the hard reset from the Google servers. Once I reinstalled my apps, the Samsung Rep proceeded to disable the Samsung apps which he knew created problems. It turns out that Google Now and third party apps such as Quicpic, ES File Explorer, K-9 Mail, MuPDF, and Assistant (I prefer this over Google Now, but use both) work much better than the basic Samsung apps I had been using. Pity that Samsung didn't get their equivalent apps right the first time. Regardless, the phone began to function more efficiently, but continued to experience issues. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * UPDATE 2: October 7, 2013 - Still trying to resolve the software issues and get the phone to function properly. I spoke to a second tier S4 tech support specialist at T-Mobile. She stated the problems I experienced with the S4 were Samsung related and referred me to Samsung tech support. I then spoke to a S4 tech support specialist at Samsung. The Samsung specialist stated that the problems I experienced are related to the Android operating system which they don't support! They referred me to Google support at www(dot)Google(dot)com/support I also note that I am not trying to knock the phone but sincerely trying to get the phone to function properly in a secure business environment which apparently pushes the phone to it's limits. My client's demand privacy and I have had the local Samsung rep (not T-Mobile) configure the phone to protect my client's privacy both in use and in the event the phone is lost. I don't believe that all of the readers of this review are fairly reviewing this review in the context of business users who seek privacy.I really love the Galaxy Note 3 and I have had absolutely no problems with it. It does everything and more. I am sorry the newest version (7) has been such a disaster, but I think there must have been a flaw in the sealed waterproof design. I am so glad I settled on the older version, tried and true, for less money, and virtually no down side at all. The Galaxy Note 3 phone is such an awesome phone I feel very badly for the company at this time. Also the company which sent it, did so quickly. Arrived earlier than expected.Amazingly this works with Tracfone. Before we used a iPhone 4s Verizon, bought from Amazon and transferred to Tracfone BYOP successfully and everything still works today. Didn't know of Tracfone's changes, so now it's AT&T, unlocked phones, T-Mobile, and some other various carriers that can be brought into BYOP, not Verizon! (As it was a BYOP carrier before) TRANSFER: Old Tracfone cellphone to this newer samsung. Already had a Sim card meant for the process. (Strangely before the iPhone 4s didn't need a Sim card, still doesn't have one, but still on that Tracfone plan for the iPhone). The BYOP process didn't work right away when we tried transferring it online. Called Tracfone for assistance, blah blah provided information, this that, op nope your phone isn't compatible with Tracfone sorry, and bye. HOWEVER, we tried transferring online again and it worked successfully!! RESULTS: It uses AT&T cell towers, makes calls and everything successfully, Image transfers through text messages is iffy since it can't send multiple images in bulk. Just make sure to go through the steps listed for BYOP, do it once or twice and Image transfer along with data usage should work fine.This phone is fabulous! I had an iPhone 4, and really didn't need anything fancy or better but got tired of the updates and being it was a 4, it was too old for many newer things. I wanted something that I could read books on that is large enough like a kindle, but use as a phone as well. This phone is it for me. Phablet.....yeah ok. I call it awesome! Perfect in size to read books, not too big that it still is ok to use as phone while holding it up to your ear. It is bigger than most phones, but with all the features as hands-free, gestures and so many features I am still learning about, I recommend this to anyone wanting the cross between a tablet and a cell phone. Many others give great detail to the phone, I am simply going to say its fast, battery lasts longs (if you remember to close applications you're not using) so many smart features, and way better than iPhone 4. I love android and all the same apps pretty much as iTunes has plus google play store, kindle app for books........its endless!! Love it!Worked just like it was straight out of the box. It was great to be able to charge again after my original Note 3 was rusted and corroded around the port. It was a little tricky to figure out how to change out the SIM card. Apparently according to YouTube videos you need the tool which came in the original box. There is no way that you could do it by hand, I had no luck with a pair of tweezers, and even with the original tool took me a few attempts to get the SIM card out. Once put in the new phone I didn't even have to call Verizon, it worked immediately. I also purchased a 128GB Memory Stick to transfer all of my photos and videos from the old phone (It's memory was full so I couldn't upload through the internet and the port was corroded so USB wouldn't work). This phone did not come with the Stylus or the Charger. I found two generic chargers for about $8 on Amazon and I took my stylus from the old phone. Overall happy with the purchase and everything worked great. Only downside in the whole experience for me was that I lost some of my contacts in the transfer. I believe that some are stored locally on the phone and some are google contacts. There didn't seem to be much rhyme or reason but I now make sure that I store them all as Google contacts..I have had this phone for a little over a month now and am extremely happy with it. I love everything about it EXCEPT the Visual Voicemail Update that WONT GO AWAY. I DO NOT want Visual Voicemail and besides that, Verizon wants to charge 2.99 a month for it!! I won't go into this any further as it will just spark more rants about unwanted software/bloat ware. The problem with this particular piece of crapware is that notifications CONTINUALLY pop up and sit in the notifications bar at the top of the phone. If you clear it, it comes back, and there is no way to turn it off either! This is the reason for taking off 1 star off the phones rating. Other than that, the phone is a real performer, takes wonderful pictures and video and is still slim enough to fit nicely in my back pocket. The phone is big, but so are my hands and it could not fit them better. This is truly a where have you been all my life moment having this phone. The larger display is just awesome and the pen works great too. This phone would be a perfect 10+ without the software/bloat ware thing. But hey, where would the world be without annoying salespeople trying to sell you what you dont want or need? Anyway, the battery life has been great for me. Most times I can go 2 days without a charge. I do turn my phone off at night though and I dont play games on it with the exception of Bubble Shoot. I went from the Droid Razr Maxx to this phone and I loved that phone, well I thought I did until I got this phone. I was hesitant going away from Motorola equipment, as I have always had some sort of Motorola device because they are made so well. REALLY glad I made this switch!!Great phone, although I miss the integrated features that the iPhone provides. Excellent battery. I haven't found aftermarket apps, but in my transition i've noticed: What I do love: Great screen size to read everything comfortably, watch video clips, and appreciate pictures. Great battery life. I had to charge the iPhone I had twice a day. This I abuse and it still gets me through the day. It also has a removable battery for instant juice. Family I have in the Philippines have had to charge theirs 3-4 times a day due to the network infrastructure. Responsive In my transition, things I have noticed: -Native list syncing is not present. I decided to go with Wunderlist. I would have used Google Task, but it's not developed yet. -No button that pulls up voice command like Siri does in the lock screen. The voice command is not universal and not as easily accessible like Siri was. You can have it activate in the lock screen with a double tap of the home button, but it doesn't work if the phone is unlocked. If it is unlocked, you have to find the app. There is a buttonless voice activation ("Hi Galaxy"), but it stops working sometimes. -Google maps will persist in lock mode, but only if you don't hit the home button to summon the unlock screen. When you do that, the map disappears and you must unlock the phone to see it again (the iPhone will always show the map when navigating while locked, which was really nice). -Some apps tend to freeze. I simply hold down the home button and swipe to close a running program and then reopen it. -The text size kept changing on me every time I tried to text. I found you change the default text size with the volume buttons. -I had to be creative to migrate my contacts. I moved everything to Google from my iPhone, then synced with my phone. One thing that is great is that I can manage my contacts now through Google Contacts through my Gmail (they have a tool to remove duplicate contacts! -Text to speech engine is awesome, better than Siri in accuracy and speed, I think. -Camera and playlist controls aren't available in the lock screen as they were with the iPhone, UNLESS you disable security. I've used the pen when in phone calls to jot down and auto-call the numbers I write afterwards, which is really nice. After the novelty of the pen, I reverted to using the on-screen keyboard. I still use it on occasion. I like the availability, especially when sending information to people or writing on maps. I have used the S-Note notebooks to draw guitar chords and strumming patterns, so that's really nice. I just wish there was more integration, so I can see my notebooks on my computer. For a case, I used the Otterbox Commuter, which works well. It has no belt clip, but I would imagine I'd get tired of putting on the clip after a while anyway. This just slides into my pocket. Did I enjoy my iPhone? yes. simple, works, well integrated, robust, although sometimes non-responsive and poor battery life. Do I enjoy the Galaxy Note? yes. Totally different experience with the larger screen, great battery life, more enjoyment of pictures, video. It's not as well integrated, but it works and does what I want. In a mobile computing device/phone that I have on me all the time the screen, snappiness, battery life, and pen bring really make it and are much more important in the experience. Will I stay? I think so. I will learn the phone soon enough. The experience is just different. If you have any comments, please do! I'm still learning the phone. It is a great piece of art and master craftsmanship from Samsung. It comes from South Korea, a powerhouse of cutting edge technology and force in the global economy (I was there for a year and can appreciate the history). Not to be confused with China or JapanThis is definitely the best phone I've owned. My previous were the Samsung Fascinate (Galaxy 1) and then the Galaxy S3. I have always prefered Samsung devices. I like Apples hardware but I hate iOS, so I stick to android devices. After working several jobs selling cell phones, and working with them all the time I always choose to buy samsung. I just think the Galaxy series phones have been really good. Well, the time came for my S3 to upgrade and I was planning on getting the newest "S" phone which at the time was the S5. After playing around with one for a bit I just wasn't crazy about it. It seemed bigger than my S3 by a noticeable amount, and had some annoying features that were unable to be turned off. I didn't care about the S Health or anything like that. I care about speed, and features. Thats where the Note shines. It is a large phone, but its actually not that much bigger than an S5. An S5 with an otterbox is bigger than my Note with a slim grip case. I have now had the phone for a couple months and pocketing it is no big deal at all. Also the Note has awesome features. S-Window is really cool, as well as Scrapbooker. S-note is useful for reminders or jotting down a number or something really quick. S-draw is really cool to use. The pen even comes in handy for texting and normal web use. Its screen is also really nice not quite 1080p but its 720p. It looks just fine I watch videos on it all the time. all in all I highly recommend the Note 3. The Note 4 hardware and build quality/materials are better. Its more expensive and has some slightly annoying features though. Consider a Note as your next phone over a Galaxy S. Not to mI don't use a cell phone a lot, but I love the functionality of this phone. It is more like a mini tablet. The pen that comes with it is very handy, and activates the phone when you pull it out. It is also great for more precise selections and for note taking. I am very happy with the resolution of the screen and the response of both touch and pen. Buying the phone from Amazon and setting up a new Verizon account was painless. I easily got the account and on-line payment set up without a hitch. I also transferred my AT&T phone number to the phone without any problems. I won't reiterate the tech specs of the phone as you can read all of that on the product page. I just want to let you know what I think of it as a user of the phone. At this point in time, I couldn't be happier with this phone or the Verizon service. UPDATE 5/07/16 I've had this phone for a little over 3 years, and I still have no desire to get a new phone. I did, however, recently decide to switch my service provider from Verizon to T-Mobile because of the offerings of T-Mobile which I won't get into. I was assured by the T-Mobile rep that as long as the phone was unlocked, I could replace the Verizon sim card with the one from T-Mobile and the phone would work with no problems after activating the T-Mobile sim card. I am updating this review so that others don't experience what I did if they want to change their provider. First of all, Verizon has never locked any of their 4G phones. Verizon uses a CDMA network which is also used by Sprint and US Cellular, T-Mobile and AT&S use a GSM network. One difference is the polarity used, so phone for each type of network are manufactured to use the specific polarity of the network. The other difference that should be considered by the end user is that on the GSM network customer information is stored on the sim card. This means that you can take the sim card from one phone and insert it into another and it will work.GSM carriers must accept any GSM phone. So they don't have control over the phone you are using. CDMA carriers use network based white lists. So you can only switch phones with your carrier's permission, and the carrier doesn't have to accept any particular phone. There are other differences between the two network types, but those I have mentioned affect the end user the most. In my case, I had to buy a new phone in order to switch to T-Mobile as a carrier. I was also told by Verizon that this phone "may" work with another CDMA carrier, but it my lose functionality. I have had to buy another phone to use the GSM network, and have decided to get the Galaxy Note 4 since I have to give up my Note 3. I hope this helps other in choosing a carrier and a phone.best phone I've had so far. switched from AT&T to Verizon with this phone, and glad I did, customer service has been excellent. there were problems with overheating and the battery draining quickly - which you can see via an internet search - Verizon replaced the phone, but I found that the problem really seems tied to Google updating/syncing photos and videos - once I turned that off (and only do it on demand and when plugged in) the problem seems solved. have not been thrilled by the Note feature, but that is probably just my ignorance. Excellent camera, and I love the Google voice search/response feature (of course, that's an android, not just the Note 3). I am fairly careful with my phones, so haven't put a screensaver on it, nor do I use a case (most of the time) due to the weight - and find the phone and screen to be pretty durable, it still looks like new after about 2 years. it's large, and rather unwieldy, but for my old eyes, ability to see things on the screen makes up for it! it is slim and light enough to not be a problem. the sound is really good too, I almost always use the speakerphone on it for making calls, and like the sound when I play music or listen to audio books (and I'm fussy!). I haven't tried other brands, so can't comment on how the note 3 compares, tho I did look at them in the store before settling on this phoneI bought this phone in December 2013. l still love it. The drawback is its size. l hare small hands and it can be difficult to grasp because it is big.It is also heavier than my previous phones. The size is why I bought it though - l wanted the big screen and it is worth it. lt is very durable. I did put a case on it but it is a lightweight one that only covers the edges and back. I have dropped my phone many times with no damage. Samsung does have a lot of useless programs that come pre-installed but I haven't had issues with those. My battery easily lasts all day most days. If the battery seems to be draining quickly, clearing the cache and restarting the phone seems to solve the problem. The On-screen keyboard is easier to use on the bigger screen. The split windows are now useable. Games are easier to play. Everything is easier to read. One more drawback is that the volume buttons and power button are directly opposite of each other. I often end up pressing both at the same time. The rest of the phone isn't much different from the Galaxy Nexus. the programs are the same. The screens look the same only bigger.This was a long anticipated wait for me!! I have been waiting since November 2012 to get my hands on one of these I would frantically search to see the latest stats, pro's and cons and I must say the phone is PERFECT!!! I am AMAZED at how HUGE the screen is all the while the phone is SOOOO LIGHTWEIGHT!! It is very slim and feels as if nothing is in my hand. I have toyed with some things at first glance the Graphics have my pupils like WOOOOOOW..... I made the tragic mistake of bluetoothing over all my pics from my previous phone first before downloading apps and its about 1200 photos, videos and music.. My fault for that(drained my battery) but Other than that on first hand I Love, Love, Love, Love my new phone!!!! =) 1/25/14 It is nice to have a phone that can go 1 day and a half without being on charge. I took phone off Charge at 745am. Worked 13 hours and went out to the bar after work took pics, and mild to moderate social networking while at work (shhh...lol and went to sleep with battery at 33% woke up 7 hours later phone is on 30%!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE my phone. I do frequently make sure I close all apps on the phone to conserve my battery.. Still learning new things on my phone!!!This phone does everything I could ask of it. I'm a student and this thing is absolutely amazing for taking notes, editing documents, reading...etc. I also love to play games which it will handle everything out there. I would not say that this phone is for everybody because of its shear size and capabilities...my 60 year old father would not be able to figure this thing out because of all the customization it offers. Beware, this phone is extremely big...like comically big. Unless you have Andre The Giant hands, you probably wont be able to reach from one end of the screen to the other while one handed texting, with that being said, I am always worried that I will drop it; so i suggest always using both hands. I am a very heavy user so the battery usually lasts me about an entire day with about 15% left, but I like my brightness maxed out, wifi on, games, syncing, blah blah blah. My old Galaxy S3 would require a charge in the middle of the day just to make it to the end of the day with how much I use it. TL;DR I love this phone and would recommend it to anybody who needs to multitask and often burns through their battery during the day.First of all, I want to say that Amazon price beats any service provider offers out there. Secondly, the quick shipment from amazon and processing is awesome. Now the phone, I love love love everything about it. It is big in size, but how many people have a smartphone plus a tablet. I find this phone serves the purpose of both. I love how everything is in one. I was always in love with the Android operating system, so I never really had much of a problem. I found I got really frustrated with Apple products a lot, and switching to the iPhone was the biggest regret I had made. I just don't like how everything is set up for you and you can't really customize anything. Secondly, I love how the Note syncs with my Google account, from my Gmail to my calendar and my contacts. I am currently taking online classes, and I am able to log on to my school website without a problem. As opposed to my iPhone I can only access certain features, and not to mention constantly having to zoom in. Cons: speaker is on the bottom, so if you watch a movie in landscape, you'll feel like your hearing is off. That's all I can find for it for now.Update!!!! Last week (April 28, 2015) Verizon pushed the Android 5.0 Lollipop update for the Note 3. DO NOT INSTALL THE UPDATE!!!!! There have been multiple problems with the update. My particular problem has been if the phone is in a no coverage area for a length of time, when you get back into a coverage area it will not pick the signal back up until you reboot the phone. I am now waiting on my 3rd phone from Verizon to deal with this and their only remedy at this point is not to install the update. Look online before you consider updating and read all the issues with this update. Original Review.... I transitioned from a Motorola Droid Razr Maxx to this Samsung Galaxy Note 3. A difference between night and day. I have literally moved from the worst phone I have ever owned to the absolute best phone I have ever owned. Pros: Quad Core Replaceable / Up-gradable Battery Beautiful Display S-Pen Call Quality Available Accessories App Compatibility Cons: I'll let you know if I find oneQuick reference review: (details below) Fantastic all around! beautifully crisp screen in full HD, very quick response time for all around performance from texts to apps to games. Battery life is astounding, average users will have no problem going throughout a day on one battery, or even two. Connection on Verizon is fast, for both Data and Calls. I haven't experience any call quality issues. Camera qualities are second to none. The S-pen is a nice feature to have. Phone layout/buttons is easy to get used too. I can use this phone easily with one hand, but I have big hands in general. If your only issue with this phone is its size, GET IT. You easily get used to the size and don't even notice it (however i wouldnt recommend to individuals with tiny hands). Comment with any other questions ill try to get back as quick as I can. Bought this phone off amazon in january (2 months ago) due to its amazing deal and reduced price and I am not at all dissatisfied. Worth noting, I purchased this phone over the LG G2. I do have a single significant complaint on this phone regarding the charger, scroll to the bottom for that. Design: The layout and physical features of this phone are fantastic. While it may not be encased in a solid block of metal, you never feel like your holding a cheap phone. The materials are very sturdy and well made, especially when one utilizes a case. In my opinion, being able to access the battery, sim, microSD in the back of the phone is more useful than it being in a solid metal body. The phone itself is incredibly thin. I purchased a Spigen slim hardcase for the phone because I wanted to keep the phone sleek and thin as designed. Button placement is very intuitive and easy to get used too. Hardware: This phone is fast. All the benchmark tests do not lie. This thing performs better than any phone i've had and is faster than my 1st gen Samsung Galaxy Tab. I like to get the most out of my phones, to the point of unlocking them, but even with all of the pre-loaded bloat-apps this thing still flys. Great on WiFi or LTE. Screen is amazingly clear, with great contrast and color. Buttons are firm and don't feel like they're going to break. The speakers are good, not great. They get the job done for most users watching youtube or listening to music occasionally. If you're a hardcore music lover and sound quality is a top priority, you may want to look elsewhere. Touch screen sensitivity is great out of the box. I've had no issues. UI and software: If you've ever used an andriod or samsung device before, you'll quickly find yourself comfortable with this phone. If you've never used it before, it is easy and very enjoyable. I always recommend it over iOS, But I don't have enough experience with Windows to sway you from it. But the User Interface is intuitive and for the most part can be understood by most. There are so many customization's. From different widgets, layouts, screens, you have so many options to satisfy the most eclectic or OCD personalities. Camera: So many phones have crazy camera features or settings, while the average user wont notice or use half of them. I will say, the picture quality and useful features on this phone can be handy. From action shots to selfies to posting your lunch to instragram this phone with suffice for most! I always say if you want to really take meaningful pictures, buy a DSLR! Size: The size of this phone always seems to be the sticky issue with people. As I mentioned before, if size is the only issue holding you back from this phone, JUST GET IT. 99% of your wont be disappointed, and will quickly get used to the phone. Depending on your size, it will be easier than others. The average male wouldn't have a problem with it in his pocket. For reference I am about 6 foot and average build with larger hands. I'm always amazed how often I don't even feel it. However, for smaller individuals it may be an issue. My honest opinion is find one in person. I went to BestBuy and the Samsung rep allowed me to hold his work Note3. I was able to get a real sense of size and feel of it in my pocket, and not just attached to a display table. I love having a larger screen, it just makes it that much easier to use and enjoy, and to me outweighs any size inconvenience. Battery Life: It's amazing. The big size means samsung is able to throw a big battery in it. So even though the larger screen uses more power, many average users wont have a problem going an entire day on one charge. on average i get about a day and a half. If i use heavy (constant screen on) for several hours straight, then i'll run the battery down in a day. But idle in your pocket with LTE on all day. You'll have no issues. The USB 3.0 charger/port is fantastic. This thing charges so fast. I can get a full charge in half the time as my old HTC Thunderbolt. People complain about the thickness of the cord, but its required for the phone to charge that fast, safely. Which brings me to my only issue i've had with this phone... My only complaint: I had a few issues charging my phone. At first I was extremely upset as I thought the port inside my phone was defective. Essentially, with the USB 3.0 cord and charger, you get 2 connections in one. The standard USB port, and an extra smaller port which is why your able to achieve such fast charging and data transfers. My issue was that one of the 2 connections on the USB3 wasn't getting a solid contact in my phone. This lead to longer charge times and my phone telling me "Please use the original charger that came with your phone for faster charging". I simply bought a new cord on amazon and i haven't had any problems since. I recommend to anyone having charging issues to first try another cord, as my issue was that the connection to the phone on the cord, was slightly bent. On the other side, its worth noting you CAN indeed charge this phone with regular phone micro USB cords, however it will be slow. Overall, JUST GET THIS PHONE. I can't state it enough, it is really a fantastic phone. I fought back and forth whether to get this or the LG G2 for cheaper, but I decided I wanted the best phone I could buy (at ~$250 for the best phone on the market? that's fairly priced) and would last me a long time, and more importantly keep me preoccupied, and not wanting to buy a new phone before my upgrade.My first one crashed on its automatic attempt to update the software. Amazon in their usual pleasant and expedited means, shipped a replacement and walked through some manual steps to ensure the new data contract matched he new phone. I LOVE the stylus and the apps, the size, the features. This is my 2nd favorite device next to the 12 inch Galaxy Note Tablet. When Apple quit updating my perfectly operable 1st gen iPad, I RAN into the arms of Android. In the time I left Android for favor of my iPad, they have come so far and surpass iOS. Sadly, I feel like iPad and iPhones are mere toys in comparison. They are great gadgets but the Galaxy Note line lets someone have fun AND get work done. I can multitask like a nut on this thing. It does all that I need a little device to do.Hesitant to write a review until a couple months had passed in case of product failure but here I go. Visually the phone was in great condition besides a few spots about 1mm in length in the lower right bezzel where the plastic has been chipped. Everything came as described and in working condition, I was able to pop my sim csrd in and activste it thr same day. In the past month, I've experienced a few kinks in the OS like the touchscreen not responding for a few seconds and ohone froze once but nothing that a restart couldn't fix. I dont think that this is a problem with the phone but just a byproduct of its aging (3 year old) componants. But these things only happened twice in the last month after heavy usage so I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. Overall, getting this phone with its processing power and display was a very good deal for under $200. Despite its age it functions are fluid and dont seem to be slowing down at the moment. Would definately suggest getting a case despite the fact that I've dropped it a few times without one and have yet to get any scratches.Ordered a used phone in "acceptable" condition. Listing said it has a bunch of scratches on it. I can honestly say this phone hardly looks used! It has some normal wear on the edges, but looks great otherwise. As for the phone itself, I am blown away by how fast and smooth the apps run, and by how crisp the pictures look. I've been using the cheap prepaid phones for years now, and this one blows it out of the water. I love the size and the pen feature is great. I can't wait to see what else this phone can do !Love, Love, Love it!!!! This is my first smartphone and I love it. The first three days I was like... this thing is way to big, this isn't going to work. After that I got used to it and I can tell you, there is no way I can ever go back. The camera is fantastic. The picture quality on the screen is breathtaking. I have watched so many HD videos. It does allow for split screen and doing multiwork. For example I can split screen and have txt messages on one side and web browser on the other. I can also get on the internet and search something while talking on the phone with someone. And don't forget the stylus! I had some people tell me it was gimmicky but I really like it. When making notes and reminders its much easier than typing and I like to use it for alot of games as well since it is more precise than using my finger.This is my first purchase of a cell phone from Amazon. The phone is beautiful and is just what I wanted. The price was right and the delivery time was excellent. The only issue I had was that I did not know that I needed to call Verizon first before it would activate. It seems like Amazon could mention that step when they sell a new phone. Even Verizon did not mention it in the accompanying paperwork that came with the phone. After several unsuccessful attempts to activate the phone, which is supposed to be automated, I went to the Verizon website and found a number I should call prior to letting the phone run the auto-setup and activate the phone. Other than that, I am thrilled with my purchase.When I ordered this item it was said to take about two to three weeks to come in. To my suprise it took only about 5 days for the item to arive. The quality of the product was exactly as posted 9 out of 10. Not a single scratch, dent, or blemish from my evaluation. Everything has worked perfectly from the time I opened it put of the box, and I received exactly why was promised. My girl friend wanted a phone that would be better than the generic $40.00 go phone that could be purchased for her carrier, and what we got was many folds greater. S pen was perfect. Phone was without a blemish. She literally can't stop taken pictures with this phone because Samsungs camers rock. The only down side that I would have to say is that the battery performance is quite poor, but that would be expected if it was the original battery that game with the phone on a older model. I plan on buying a battery for a good deal off amazon for this phone in new condition, which should fix all off her problems I rated this 5 stars to be nice, but in all reality I would give this a 4 out of 5 for the lack of battery porformance. Thanks for saving me money once again amazon. ^.^When I got this phone I LOVED it! It was awesome, big, fast, lasted all day, great camera, great reception! Then they "upgraded" my operating system to KitKat and that all changed! Ok, it's still big... KitKat turned my phone into a brick! I did not move, but I could no longer MAKE OR RECEIVE calls at home! Just got a "Network Not Available" message or something like that. My data signal was likewise in the toilet. Battery went to the potty, and the worst was the formerly awesome camera became practically useless because now when you tapped the shutter button, you had to wait about 3 seconds (no exaggeration) for the picture to take. If you moved, the picture was trash. This all started immediately following the KitKat update - google the problems, they're myriad. I wouldn't buy another one till the next software update comes out. Total brick, and total waste of my money. Thanks for nothing Verizon, or Samsung, or whoever's fault this is - because no matter who you call it's always the "other's one" fault...I didn't find the need to buy a smartphone until last December. I eschewed them. I had been using my dinosaur phone for the last three years. It could take abuse like no other. It might have required the battery pulled now and then to reset it, but it kept doing the job I hired it for, making calls. I always had a cheap company smartphone or my wife nearby with hers, so I didn't get one until I got this one. This phone is awesome. It's huge screen is perfect for emails, surfing the web, whatever. But that screen size comes with a price. This phone is huge. People will tease you about it. You can always show then how good of pictures it takes and how fast the shutter speed is.... Or any of the plethora of other features you'll like if you get this phone. Oh yeah, the battery lasts forever.The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is a powerful personal pocket computer that you can also use as a phone as well. I bought this phone a year late and it is still miles beyond most of the phones out there. It's fast, smooth and the battery life is fantastic. If your a doodler like me the s-pen in combination with sketchbook for galaxy is top class when it comes to digital art applications. I would recommend downloading the Google Now launcher as opposed to using the standard Tocuhwiz that the phone comes with as it is a little clunky and if you have a Google account that you use frequently the launcher really makes the experience personalized and it's scary accurate. The only downside to this phone is speaker quality without headphones.Love, love, love this phone!!! Having the 32 GB makes a huge difference in the speed. I received the phone in a new Samsung box, with a OEM charger cable and plug. Very easy to use and see. Yes, it's a bit bulky but I bought a Bluetooth Earbud DABS AUDIO S10, Mini Wireless Headset for $25 prime and it works great. The S note feature is wonderful for snapping a picture of your screen and making notes. Or just to use as a note pad. Highly recommend!I am slow to enter the 21st century. This is my first smart phone. I only paid a penny, and I'm very happy with it. It's fairly easy to use. My kids LOVE playing with the pen, drawing on photos, etc. The service is great. The colors are beautiful! I am definitely not an apple fan, but I do like Siri better than the S voice. She works better, and all my friends say the voice on my phone is creepy - seductive sounding. I got my brother to change the voice. He's good with technology, and it still took him a while, but it's better.My husband just purchased this as a replacement for his Galaxy Nexus. He is thrilled with it. He loves the multi-tasking abilities, the vibrant screen, and the extra-long battery life. While at first it seems a lot larger than other phones, my husband has adapted to it and wouldn't want the screen to be any smaller. The only time that the size is a nuisance, is when he tries to carry in his front pocket. The phone is extremely fast and efficient. He didn't think that he would use the S Pen but he loves it and uses it all the time. This phone is like having your own personal computer with you at all times - there's really nothing that it can't do. According to him, "the i-Phone is Mickey Mouse play compared to the Note 3."TOP DOG! IMO, best phone out there. Great for multitasking! excellent screen, fast!. lightweight. Camera takes great pictures in good lighting. S-Pen works great! speaker output nice and crisp. Battery life really good, if you turn off some un-needed functions like gestures, turn off GPS when your not needing it, turn off auto sync, and set screen time out to 30 sec.....I been getting easy 2 days without charging with light usage like streaming youtube, web browsing and some email. Call quality very good, can hear callers loud and sharp on Verizon network that is. 4G blazing fast on Verizon. Wifi antenna can be a little stronger. Overall a great phone by Samsung!Love my phone I'm using it now. Only problem is it doesn't come with SIM card. Other than that great quality. Battery drains a little faster than should but awesome phone. Charger says connect to original charger when first plugged in but just wiggle a little bit and is fine and charges very fastOver the years I've always had great phone's, however; I must say this is the BEST phone I have ever owned. I had taken four months to research all of the phones out there and am pleased that I settled on the 'Samsung Galaxy Note 3". Many of my friends and family tried to talk me out of it, stating it was just to big, and it certainly does look big on display, but once you get it in your hand, it fits perfectly! Now that I own it, all of my friends and family want one! The look and feel of the phone is amazing! The size of the screen is awesome! I also love how you can 'hand write your text messages with your stylus pen, or you can hand write and have it automatically convert to a block style message or you can still use the keyboard if you like! I always hand write my text messages as I've never liked using a keyboard. I also love that I can jot down notes with my stylus pen, I use this feature a LOT for my work. The speakers sound GREAT - when listening to music, the mix of tones is crisp and clean while blending beautifully! I use my phone ALL of the time, and the battery life is AMAZING and especially compared to all of my previous phones! I can't say enough GOOD about this phone. I've owned it for a month now and still haven't even touched on all of the great features this phone has! I hope they come out with a Galaxy Note (4) in a few years because there is no doubt that will be my next phone! Thanks AMAZON! Your impeccable service is appreciated!!!!!I have ever used....I had the iphone 4S and have to say I did not think it was worth the price. This Samsung Galaxy Note 3 however is worth every penny. I'm not a techno genius and you don't need to be with this phone. The calls are clear...the display is vibrant and easy to see (love the larger screen)...it was actually the camera that sold me on this phone....but I am digging the S-pen and the other gadgets it has. While I will admit apple seems to have more apps this android has all the apps that I was using on my iphone. All in all I say it is the best phone even though the Galaxy S5 has hit the market.Great phone. I was considering to by the Sony phone, but I needed something cheaper. I am very satisfied with it. Very easy to use and I use many-many functions on it. The battery life is great too, unless I acidentally leave on the WiFi or use the GPS. These deplete my battery much faster. The only problem with this phone that it is impossible to change contacts, email or texting background dark or black. That's a little disturbing but if you can get over this it is a great device.I have quickly come to find the size of the screen to be far superior to my old S3. I would never go back to a smaller phone's screen. The Note 3 is very detailed, colors are vibrant and I see no pixels even when the image is magnified. I was a bot reluctant to buy a refurbished phone, but Breed sent a phone indistinguishable from new. Also, the accessories for an older model are FAR cheaper than the new Note 5. As for the Note 5, the lack of a removable battery and sd card were deal breakers for me.Thought this phone would be much faster, but its no faster than my old phone. The picture quality is ok. Just disappointed over all. Plus the seller sent me the wrong charger, so I had to go out and purchase one. Not a satisfied customer!love, love, LOVE this phone. It was cheaper on here then buying it through Verizon. I received it quickly and was able to quickly and easily get it set up. This phone works great, I haven't had any major problems with it. The only problems I have had are typical phone problems like it freezing up on me; but after taking the battery out and turning it back on it is fine again and that hasn't even happened as often as other phones I've had. My previous phone was the LG G2, I think the Note 3 is a million times better.I don't play a whole lot of games or do a whole lot of social media, so this is probably more phone than I need. I do take a lot of pictures and videos and it is wonderful for that. The sound recording on this phone is pretty good. I record music and sometimes kick back and video a group when they are doing well. The quality is excellent!! One of the reasons I picked this phone.Finally something that has my heart this is the best phone I have ever owned. I carry two and the other is an IPHONE. But hands down this phone does everything and I would never go back to any other kind. It is big enough for viewing and I love the touch enlarging. Battery lasts all day even with steady use. I love the way it can be customized to fit your needs. Tons of emails every day make this Note 3 my best choice for a phone no matter what the needs you have.The phone arrived on time and works very well, Also the phone is in really good cosmetic condition. I got it for my husband we will see if it continues to work well. I will let you know as we go.Big screen, long battery life, and powerful specs. What more could you ask for? This is the top of the line smart phone right now. Beware, I have had issues with the stock charging cable.It is USB 3.0, and is slightly larger that a normal USB 2.0 from most other phones. Plugging in the 3.0 charger will sometimes work, but mostly it doesn't You may have to use an old charger, but the battery is so big that it will take you a while to fully charge that way. Search for "USB 3 cable not charging" on andriod central to see others with the same problem.Nothing compares to this phone. Everything else is inferior. Everything else is too small, or too slow. The Note 3 is the finest device ever made, period. I can't imagine texting or browsing or watching on something smaller than this now that I've had it for a while. The camera takes great pics & video, very fast. I'm also quite happy with Verizon so far. Fast data downloads and much better call clarity & service in my area than other carriers I've tried.LOVE LOVE...Absolutely, love this phone!!. I am not crazy about Verizon. I received my first bill before I had the phone a week. Higher that I expected. I was charged an activation fee of an extra $45. The data really goes fast, but I have learned to use WI-FI. Still, Samsun outdid themselves with this phone. It has a glitch thing about touching the icons and the screen jumps to the next page. Still love the phone though. Waiting to see when the Note 5 comes outI finally had to break down and purchase a new phone to replace the flip I had been using for about 10 years. I chose this because it was highly rated by all the reviews I read and I absolutely refused to be a moronic lemming and purchase an iPOS. The price through Amazon was better than what I could do through Verizon and the setup was absolutely painless. I am NOT too thrilled about the $50 increase in my monthly bill, but that's what you get for going from a no-frills flip phone to a "phablet".Wish this phone would of worked as the screen quality and size are great. Sadly, Verizon says the phone is obsolete and no longer supported.Fantastic, never had a Smartphone before, and it's nice to know that it is user friendly. Very much fun, and going to have a heck of a time figuring all the cool things out. I especially love the stylus since I hate using my fingers to work on a screen. I always feel like my fingers are going to smudge up the screen, so the stylus really helps me out with that. Not tried any of the apps yet, but I'm probably going to be doing a lot of exploring on it, as I said. Excellent phone, and tons of fun. Even my husband, who is through Tracfone, was considering on getting one through his provider. All my phones have been Samsungs, from the first phone which I cannot remember the name of, to my Samsung Intensity II, and now my Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I love it!It's an alright, solid phone. The pen is a great feature for drawing and editing photos. Though i honestly dont use it all that much. Its a little wide making it hard to put in a pocket or do one handed. This phone is however only slightly bigger than an S5. It has a good processor and is easy to use. The call quality however is crap. It sounds like your underwater. The camera is also poor and I have difficulty getting a sharp image.I wondered why GPS took me in circles. I went into Verizon, they said they quit supporting the Note 3. I had to get a new phone.It is exactly as it was described. It works perfectly, with minor scratches. It came with all the necessary items to use for a day to day basis. The cell phone company had no issue of making this phone my primiary cell phone.Does not have as many screens as my original note 3, which has 7 windows. This one only has 5So far so good. Bought this to replace the Samsung Note II when upgrade eligibility came around. Note 2 screen cracks easily and I suspects that this "gorilla" glass will break easily too. Just make sure you have a protective case just in case you drop it. Functionality is great. Battery life is exceptional compare to Note 2 and Droid Razor. Pictures are exquisite compare to the Iphone according to several I Phone owners that saw my pictures.Phone works great but I would say the phone was in good condition if not a bit lower. There are a lot of chips on the chrome trim around the screen. The back leather part has a few scratches on the back, fading around the camera, and looks like fading all in the middle, it kind of looks like there is dust all over the back that wont come off. I will post pictures in a bit.Can't beat price and not even refurbished. Saved over 400.00 will buy next phone this eay. Only problem, my Verizon store was really not very interested in transferring photos and setting it up without them selling it to me. Main drawback.This phone works really great. It runs all the latest apps with no freezing or slowdowns. The screen is bright and very sharp. Both the front and rear cameras work well, and the flash doubles as a very bright flashlight. I've dropped it and sat on it and even dunked it in the swing pool. It still works flawlessly.Phone is everything previous reviews have noted. More phone than 90% of folks would ever use. One thing that has been a bit of a disappointment has been reception. As some have noted this phone for whatever reason on Verizon , reception is average. I am 2000 ft from my cell tower and have yet to see more than 4 mb down on 4g. When I am closer to other towers I have seen 39mb down on 4G so I know the product is capable. Mind you it is possible that this tower is saturated as I never saw more than 13 mb down on myDroid Razr Maxx. Voice reception has dropped off as well and at times fades out but returns in the same location. Never had that issue with the Razr. Here is hoping that software updates resolve some of it....... Other than that...amazing deviceLove my new Note 3! Great features...one being that I can actually see it! I was worried about moving away from my old smart phone with a slide out keyboard as I'm part of the...ahem...more mature crowd and my eyes & fingers aren't what they used to be. No problems whatsoever...I text like a pro on this!I traded to this from the iphone 5. It was the greatest change in my life. I love this phone i can go 20 hours easily even more. If you leave it in stand bye mode you can leave it for days. I just wish it had kitkat for verizon. I also wish there was a nice dock for it. Its awkward because of the usb 3.0. Its a different plug and if you use the old 2.0 connection it takes long to charge itI absolutely LOVED the phone and would have given it 4 or 5 stars ..... until .... I made the horrible and could be very dangerous mistake of "upgrading" the system per the prompts .... now many times I am unable to connect to the network, cannot make calls, cannot text, in other words the basic things you have a mobile phone for ARE USELESS. I sure hope I am not out late somewhere and stranded by the side of the road when this happens! Of course there is no way to undo the "upgrade" to the operating system, I am now stuck with this phone that way too often does not work AT ALL. Worse yet, from what I understand the manufacturer KNOWS this is an issue with this upgrade and yet they are offering no fix, no upgrade to this horrible upgrade. WHY? I guess they want everyone who made the mistake of approving the prompted upgrade to just buy a new phone! Maybe a Note 4? Anyway, if they cannot be bothered to fix what could be a dangerous situation (out late with no phone service) then I will purchase another phone from another manufacturer next time. Until then, because this was so expensive, I will just have to hope I am never in a life or death or emergency situation and have "no network connection".......!!!I keep learning new things about this phone each time I use it. It has replaced all my TV remotes in my house. I no longer use my ipad because this can do even more than the ipad can. My wife has the iphone 5s and uses my phone every chance she gets. The Note 3 is so light, even with its screen size, that it easily disappears in a pocket. The only reason to buy the iphone 5s is because you have not tried a Note 3 yet.The camera slows and out of focus and the whole phone itself seems slow. I had a Samsung Note before it was fast and was great for pictures which is the biggest reason I bought this note. If it wasn't for this defect it would have been a perfect 5 stars. (3.8/5)This is an amazing phone/phablet! It has a super-HD screen and also comes with a stylus inside a slot on the phone itself. The screen area is very large and the speakers are adequate but headphones are suggested if watching video. It has multi-screen so that users can have two of certain applications open at the same time and in split screen, such as Gallery and Chrome or Maps and Gmail. It has 3 GBs of RAM and is FAST! A CASE is needed but not a screen protector as the screen is Corning Gorilla Glass 3 and scratch-resistant but not scratch-proof. If one does not put his or her vehicle keys in the same pocket as the device, the screen shouldn't get any scratches. I bought a screen protector the same day as when I purchased the phone but have now gone two weeks (out of three months' ownership) without a single scratch. I do highly recommend downloading a home screen launcher, such as the one I use called Buzz Launcher, because the programmed home screen is just ugly and cluttered. After some experimenting, one will discover which applications you can (and should) turn off to free up RAM. Overall, this is a highly rated phone by professional websites and, if not mistaken, the best-selling phone in the world right now for a reason. This phone is much better than the Galaxy S5 and Google Nexus 5. Another reason I bought this "phablet" is so I wouldn't also have to spend money on a separate tablet such as the Google Nexus 7 since this is only 1.3 inches smaller and also has a much better as well as HD screen. This is an excellent choice for anyone purchasing a new phone and I highly recommend it and would purchase again.Phone looks flawless , however it will not charge properly, even when it says its plunged in and charging the phone off it will not increase inpercentagre of battery life , Update , after reading up on the problem I decided to try another Samsung cable and spent $20 at the local store for a new one , now the phone charges with no problems.It came in nearly brand new! No signs of usage at all. No discoloration, scratches or dents noticeable. SPEN works, and started right up. The battery life sucks at the moment but I'm also used to an extended battery. Definitely a little bigger than the LGG3 I have and compared it to. But it works and it works beautifully.I'm an apple guy, but also travel a lot. when I saw this I tried it and am a convert. with a portable keyboard it's all I need when I travel overseas. I won't take my macbook or my ipad on the next trip. this note 3 will do it all and it's awesome. I love it and will be giving my iphone to my daughter shortly.....it's a trade up for me! I highly recommend it.This is a great device. I replaced a Samsung Galaxy S3 with this phone and have no regrets. As a prolific tablet pc pen user, having a pen for my phone takes me back to my palm days. This has eliminated all of the little post it notes and information scribbled on the back of business cards that littered my desk and car. My only issue is the lack of standard non-bulky cases for this phone.Probably the most powerful, capable phones of all on the market. Especially good is that you can open more than one app at a time, and that it links to accessories like watches. Battery life is long and the display large and bright. I, and others I know, have replaced tablets with the Note 3. It is a real workhorse.Finally after years of waiting, a phone with practically everything that I want and need seems to be here. I've had this phone for over 2 months and it has a Large and high quality display yet easy to hold in one hand, powerful (future proof), long battery life, good sound quality and clarity on both speakers, Infrared TV remote, good camera, USB 3.0 speeds, support for latest wireless standards and optional SD card. I hope bug/performance fixes get released in a timely manner unlike with my Verizon GNexus. Might need to be patient and give the phone a few daysI got a replacement and for the 1st 3 or 4 charges the battery would drain easily to 50% after 9 hours of usage and I was not even using the same amount of features as with the 1st phone nor even using it as much, but it improved over time. The 1st phone did not have this issue and right out of the box would have only dropped to 80% after the same usage and only dropped 2% or 3% overnight instead of 4% to 6% like with the current one. Positives: Battery Life Charge Times Screen Size Sound Quality of both speakers -- so nice not to hear chipmunks anymore Signal Quality (wifi and LTE) Camera Quality in decent lighting Phone stays cool during heavy usage (gaming, phone calls, etc) Overall Keyboard Layout Negatives: Intermittent unexplained battery drainageMaybe NSA is spying on me? :) Auto-corrections on native keyboard The way that the Phone and Contacts features workshould be simpler to use with a screen this size but requires 2 hands or might be more suited to left-handed people with large hands Intermittent TouchWiz feature malfunctions (s voice, gestures, 1 handed mode, etc) Inability to remember audio settings for head set and constant prompts about volume safety--I only use audio jack while in the car connected to a cassette adapter (not earphones) since I don't have Bluetooth or any native support for smart phones in my car. Some Notes: TouchWiz adds much needed functionality to native android that is nice, but Ive turned off a lot of the features because some were overkill for my needs and too unreliable for every-day use. I only have prior experience with Native android and Cyanogenmod and although I prefer TouchWiz over Native android, it still needs some serious work. For instance, I find that the swipe to the left or right to message or call a contact works intermittently along with some of the other advertised features such as Smart Stay, S Voice, Hand Gestures, etc, so Ive turned most of them off and only enable some while using hands free mode while driving or at home. It is also more difficult to do some of the most basic of tasks using TouchWiz Battery Life and charge times with stock charger is very nice although at times since I got my replacement Note 3 it seems like something drains the battery much faster than with the 1st onegoing to eventually reset phone to see if it is some kind of OS malfunction. With normal drainage I can usually go for 2 or 3 days on a single charge with what I consider moderate usage (Hangouts chatting, phone calls, iHeartRadio, gaming, and watching videos). Considering that I have a larger screen than I had before, use more of the phones features and for longer periods of time while running TouchWiz; Im impressed. The battery is not even 2x the capacity of my GNexus which would have required 2 charges daily with the same kind of usage on Native android or Cyanogenmod. The screen is fantastic and Ive enjoyed watching both 1080p and 720p videos without problemsnative player can handle most video formats, but does NOT have the same support for audio encoding. Phone feels light weight and although it is aesthetically pleasing to look at, the materials feel kind of cheap so Ive invested in a cheap case to prolong the aesthetics. Things that I dont like: I currently know 2 other people whove bought this phone and 1 of them along with myself had to get replacements. My 1st one had issues with USB3.0 connectivity, a faulty charging cable, strange tapping sound during phone calls, and a few other bugs. The other party had issues with the charging portnot sure if the 3rd person had issues. My friend that always buys Samsung phones says that the issues with charging ports are common, but this is only my 2nd Samsung phone so I cannot say for sure if this is the case. Auto-correct and word suggestions on native keyboard are a pain to use and so unnatural. Im used to pressing the back key to have my words reset to what I initially typed in the event that auto-correct is not needed, but with this keyboard you are sometimes presented with a undo button and sometimes you just have to get creative and use the Sym button or write with the stylus pen to bypass the auto-correctionsthis is a major flaw in my opinion and should have been fixed by now considering that several updates have been released for the apps and the phone itself. Should not take so much effort to type on a touch screen phone. Hopefully Apple hasn't patented this feature. As with my Galaxy Nexus, the auto screen brightness is too dim for standard use. Not sure how well it would prolong battery life for those who walk around a-lot while using their phones. Stylus is hard to removegood that it wont fall out on accident though. Surprisingly, it has not damaged any of my nails. Interestingly, my protection case makes removing the stylus very easy--You go Cimo S-Line Case In order to use USB 3.0, it has to switch to airplane mode--transfers dont last very long at these speeds anyway and it has a built in feature to turn back on USB 2.0 mode if 5 minutes go by and USB 3.0 is not being used. This feature can also be problematic if you try to let Windows Convert a video file to be transferred to the phone which would take more than 5 minutes. Wall charger has USB port on the side of the wall unit which too me is an invite for bent prongs considering that it is recommended that you remove it to save power and it wastes a port on a lot of Surge suppressors.First product that arrived had a bad battery and would not stay on without restarting randomly. Company was wonderful and sent me a replacement very quickly. They included everything I needed to send the broken phone back.I've had this thing for a couple years now. Still going strong after several drops (with a case on) and! being left in the rain. The note 3 is my favorite phone, this is my second one. I will probably continue to get them after this one dies. Remember! Getting a brand new phone everytime one comes out is NOT environmentally friendly.This is a great phone and good price. The stylus could be a bit more sensitive, but I think that's on Samsung's end. Hope it lasts at least as long as my Note 2 did!! I did download a different note program because the layout changed from Note 2.I adore this phone so much I'm contemplating selling my 7" Samsung Galaxy Tab and just using this. It does absolutely everything I need it to do, including casual game playing and reading books which is why I bought the tablet in the first place. The screen is large enough, and the adjustments easy enough to find. Can't imagine using anything else.Researched all of the newest flagship phones on the market and have found this is by far the most capable phone for my network. Its a CDMA phone and uses a sim card. The phone is not too big as some may think. Fits perfectly in any pocket and does not feel bulky. Still very lightweight and the S pen is very handy for snapchat and other drawing and note taking apps. Very responsivea and no lag with proccessor even with multiple apps running. Andriod 4.3 hopefully 4.4 coming soon way more versatile than iOS. Run emulators with great graphics and connects with my chromcast no problem. S Beam is super easy to use and I have connected my NX300 to this for storage and ViewFinder for the camara. Very Happy with purchase and is the best for CDMA networks at the moment.Looks almost new. Arrived on time. However no cell phone charger came with the box!!!!! All of the cell phones I reviewed had a cell phone charger included so I thought it was general practice to include this with the cell phone.Great price on a Black Friday deal! Phone held up really well for about 2 yrs. Brand new? Refurbished? Can't tell, don't care, either way it was a great deal.I ordered this phone on a Friday and it came today ( Monday!) Extremely fast shipping. Phone works perfectly, looks great no cracks or scratches on the screen!. Takes pretty pictures. I am very happy with my purchase. Thank youAwesome phone, very artsy, and fun to play with. Works better when using the stylus and has vibrant colors.Without getting all technical.... if you don't need the latest greatest (S6, S6 Edge, Note4) this thing is a powerhouse unto itself. I am very happy with my decision and for the price ($20 with 2yr contract) how could I not be?Love this phone. Even if it's a little over a year old, it's still such an improvement over my Note 2. The only problem I have with it is that sometimes after getting a push notification, the screen doesn't time out. I'm sure this can be fixed through the settings, but I haven't been able to figure out how yet.I have used many apple and Android products... This is the first phone I can say that I loved. Yes, the screen is huge, but that's a good thing! It does fit in your pocket (It fits everywhere my last phone did). Battery is good but not amazing. I usually get a day and a half out of it, but I have killed in less than a day by playing games/browsing for 4+ hours.This phone is the best phone i have ever had, the amount of processing speed this thing has is incredible. Also the design is awesome it is slim and if you have big hands fits right in (small hands you will likely have to go two hand like i do). I also have a defender series otterbox on it and it still fits in my pocket. But beware when you get this phone your friend may say things like "Nice TV you got there" so as long as you have tough skin and good friends this is definatly the phone for you.So far this has been a great phone. Purchased used on Amazon. I've had it for about 5 months and I really like it. I hate to pay retail for anything, so this is great. It is working smoothly on a 3rd party Verizon network. I will probably buy my next phone the same way.If the phone worked correctly it would have received 5 stars. I got the phone on time. I charged it for 3 hours using multiple chargers only to find out they sent me a phone with a defective charging port.Battery to phone is no good phone will not hold a charge, charger was not the correct charger, sent an Alcatel charger that is not strong enough to charge phone. Very disappointed, do not buy from this store.Didnt work,had to return it was in happyThe phone is falling apart, red pictures, and nobody can hear me. Big mistake buying this phone.For a use divice i will give a 5 start, there was not signe of use at all. Verry happy it come with all accesories, cant ask for more. The charge was not compactible with it but work on my others divices. Great deal here. Thanks.This is a great phone...I wished I would have ordered two of them. I have the Galaxy S5 and love it, but am a little jealous of that my hubby has this one. It is going to take a bit to learn to use all the tools it has but so far he has no complainants and so neither do I.todate, my favorit phone ever. yes it is a bit larger at 5.7 inches. it is fast and fun! the galaxy note phones are excellent for anyone wanting to use less paper. I use mine note 3 to take notes and make todo lists, annotate pictures or pdfs. I just love it.This phone is great. It's nice enough to where you don't think of it as an "old phone", and the stylus is pretty cool too. The bigger screen really makes using the phone easier and honestly more likable. Surprisingly good battery life.Great seller, product.as listed, love my phone. Packaged greatOkWay better than my old LG G2. If you use your phone a lot, like I do, then it wouldn't hurt to invest in a couple of extra batteries. Other then that, phone is great: no lagging, no crashing of any kind.Best model phone I've ever owned. Arrived on time and is in good condition, as specified in description.I went through a lot of extra trouble to get a refurbished new note 3 huge fan of the phone but I'm giving a 3 because for a refurbished phone it won't even read a micro SD card at all its missing a pin connecterI have owned a lot of androids and this one is by far my favorite. No problems with apps crashing or conflicting. The battery life is amazing and lasts all day even if I play music and games. I never really use the stylus but that's just me. Plus, the deal I got on this through Amazon was the best one out there. I thought the price was a typo at first!So many things I love about this. Size is definitely important no matter what your wife tells you! lol. Other than the size, it has lots of very cool and useful things. Most of which I may never use. But for example, you can scroll thru things you are reading by simply tilting your head up or down.The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 on Verizon Wireless picks up right where its predecessor left off, making key upgrades to the design and display, while adding a bevy of new stylus features. Add in the powerful processor and superb multitasking chops and the Note 3 easily wins our My award for phablets on VerizonPerfect. Just what I needed.my wife used this phone for about one year and she started having issues with charging correctly. she first noticed that the phone did not charge overnight and later found out that the phone only charges when the charging cable is plugged in at a certain angle. we first thought it was the phone terminal issue but when we got the replacement phone from Verizon, it had the same issue. we called Verizon and they transferred me over to Samsung because they have known issue with the early versions of charging cable. Long story short, samsung is willing to repair the cable and i will be without the cable for at least a week. they had no other options but to send in the cable and wait4-5 days!! they are basically letting the loyal consumers suffer for their fault of manufacturing poor cables. this is not what I expected from a well known brand of Samsung. disappointed service.Great screen resolution. Takes excellent photos. Most of all I love it because it is larger and I can read the screen without glasses!! The only downside is it won't fit in all pockets. So I bought an otterbox case so I can through it in my purse. I am sure it would fit in men's pant pockets.Own for 19 months and love this phone. Works everywhere with Verizon service. Have had no problem. Just finally filled up and now I need an SD card for storage of pics and videos. Not hard to hold due to size actually very comfortable. Great features.its awesome as usual. I lost my old one and this one slipped right into its spot perfectly. had for a few months now and it is great. I doubt if I will ever buy from the store againI love this phone it is so worth the money and I would recommend this item. It comes with everything a new phone should such as the headphones, charger, and charging dock. This phone is perfect.Phone was defective. It wouldn't send text messages and if it did make a call it would drop. I couldn't use it in the am at all. It didnt work at home at all. Weirdest thing...I heard nothing but good things about it too. So I decided to purchase the Galaxy 5 and absolutely love it. The sellers are working with me on the return of the Note 3.Upgrading from my iPhone 4 because I direly missed my Samsung Galaxy. Decided to give it a try and I absolutely love the larger screen and clear display. Activated this phone with prepaid verizon with no problems. The 1-day mail device was right in time and reasonably priced. Thank you!I am very satisfied over half a year after purchase. It was surprisingly easy to have Verizon connect my new phone. This is legit. I lucked out by getting the phone (an older model) for way cheaper than what I found elsewhere and am very happy. Thank you!!The phone and all of its features worked just fine. Was in good cosmetic condition. But it would not connect to the verizon network, I went to 3 diffferent verizon locations to activate this phone on my plan. The third store finally told me that the phone did not have an IMEI number at all. Therefore it was not a verizon device.I have a phone and that's the reason for the 2 rating. The service is horrible and the charging port is already bad. I have to hold it for phone to charge and wouldn't you know it went out 1 day after it wasn't eligible for return. I only by from prime because I know what I get is trusted but this time my biggest purchase was a let down.I'm so pleased I can't find any negatives. The battery seems to last forever. I get better reception and 4G than my old Galaxy Nexus which was pretty good. The thought and care Samsung put into the UI and compatibility with other systems is outstanding. I'm not sure how much of the UI change was Samsung or Android 4.3 vs 4.2 on my Nexus, but my Note 3 runs circles around the Nexus for usability. Integration with Microsoft Exchange, SkyDrive, and other Microsoft Apps like OneNote, Outlook, etc. is much better and really very good.Am enjoying my upgrade from a Razr Maxx. Wanted/needed a bigger screen. This fits the bill. I did find that the bare phone was very slippery - was always afraid it would slip from my hand. A simple case (from Amazon) took care of that 'problem' nicely.looking to upgrade to 4 Its just now starting to wear downI loved this phone and cant wait to get another oneOnce I got all of the account information to match up, the rest of the transaction was smooth. In fact, this is one of the best phones that I have ever used. Light, fast, and stunningly beautiful. It makes my Note 2 look atrocious.MY NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3, BOUGHT FROM AMAZON, HAS MEET AND SUPERSEDED MY EXPECTATIONS, I LOVE THIS PHONE, IT LOOKS GOOD, FEELS GREAT IN MY MAGNETIC CASE, AND, IS WELL MADE AND CUTE TO LOOK AT, EVERYONE LOVES THE PHONE, GAMES ARE MORE FUN BECAUSE YOU CAN SEE THEM, I AM WITH SAMSUNG ALL THE WAY, IF THE PHONE GETS BIGGER I'LL GO BIGGER,YOU ALSO GET A VOICE RECORDER ON THIS PHONE WHICH IS GREAT, NO REGRETS HERE, VERY PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE.Bought it as a gift and she loves it! Large screen, fast, gets updates and since she plays a lot of games on it, it's exactly what she needs.work to its limitsI love my note three ,still nothing today to replace it withI love this phone's features but I've had to replace it twice in 6 months, first it wouldn't charge, now it's booting down and restarting itself and Verizon only wants to replace with a "like new" or refurbished phone.I had my Motorola Droid for years and thought I loved it - I did not know what love was. :-) I absolutely love this phone. It is taking the place of my computer on the road. Works great on my Verizon network.Love it work geart on Verizon. I am very pleasedPurchased to replace an old iphone 4. Love this phone. Great features and quality for the price. I also like the Android system much better. Great value!This machine was far from outdated. Will not replace it hopefully for a long time. Yeah like it ...alot!it crashes a lot, but it is used, so I guess this is expectedWife loved the phone worked amazingI had been wanting to upgrade to one of the newer notes for a while. I had the original Note and held off until the Note 3 came out. Amazon had the best deal and I am very please I waited. This phone takes care of all my business and home chores.I liked it, but it gets laggy and bogged down with heavy use. Nice sized screen. Needs special charging cords (USB3.0) I switched back to the iPhone 6 plus. To me a higher quality product better build too.Brought Galaxy note 3 as a replacement for my wife's iphone 5. At fist she wasn't to sure since it was a big change. Now that she has been using it she is in love with it. She can now do things for her job much easier than the previous phone she had.i love this phoneI love this phone. I switched to it from an iPhone 4. I really like the big screen and all of the cool features it has that I'm still figuring out. And it was such a good deal, $100 less than the Verizon website!I switched to this from the Note2. the 3 looks better, is a bit more powerful and has a better display. Not not a huge upgrade to he honest . I kind of preferred the feel of the N2 rounded edges, but the n3 square looks better.The description for the phone I bought said "very good" in the description. I was expecting a phone with a few nicks maybe a scratch but I received a phone with a cracked case and very bad chips on the edges of the phone.Got it for 299 on no contract price! This thing is siiiiiiccckkk! I am currently getting about 28 hours out of a charge with heavy use!It's an ok phone, it's probably because it's used it has a few bugs & freezes up quite bit , & doesn't get very good reception, my old $30 moto e had better receptionI had the Note II and this phone has been a great update to an old favorite. Brighter screen, faster processor and more pen functionality. If you like big phones this is the phone for you.love the phoneI never rate anything that I buy, but since I was so skeptical about this phone I feel that it is necessary. It works absolutely perfect. I was scared when I first got it. The screen was black and it would not turn on, but I realized quickly that the battery was just dead. The camera works great. No complaints!! Buy it if you want it!!!!Fastest mobile device I've ever used! Wish I had bought it sooner. A few tweaks of the default settings and its perfect. Can't put it down! Won't get into the tech specs, you should know if you are reading this review.AwesomeDefected.Great price...got the run around with Verizon on price. Amazon beat their price and availability. It was even shipped to my house on a Sunday morning. I am very pleased!Loved using itI dont remember detailsI researched the crap out of this phone. Pros -Big battery, good life -Its a Samsung phone(usually quick to update and support a device 2 years out) -32GB storage -The pen is GREAT for a taking quick notes Cons -My hands cover the speaker often, maybe that's just how I hold it -Above average amounts of bloatware. Other -Don't care about the fake leather backing, I have a case on it. -Thought I would use the pen for a week and never again. WRONG! Use it daily for on the go notes. Much easier than evernote!This phone was supposed to be in EXCELLENT condition. The pen is broken. And the silver along the sides is all dinged up and dented. But over all phone works good, and you got me to buy something else from your site because now I have to order a new pen.Worse phone I have had ever not any good have to use speaker to be able to talk on it or BluetoothStill working like a charm, I finally made to the 21st Century!Great phone! It has not had a single problem. It's so quick and has such awesome features. I even talked 4 of my family members into buying this phone and they love it as well. SO FLIPPIN' COOLI upgraded to the Note 3 from the Note II. I love it! Nice big display, awesome camera, and great Verizon service.I use this phone for work as a Realtor. Great GPS and apps. I literately don't need my computer any longer on Home showings. Very quick response and takes great photos.power drains to fastThis phone does everything you could ever want in a phone. It is so fast. The sceen size and viewing quality is out of this world. It's like a computer in your pocket. The camera takes the greatest pictures. all I can say is wow!!!!!!!Love it. The screen is HUGE! The graphics and details in the background are outstanding!! I have had my battery charged at 100% since I woke up this morning and I am just now on 75%. I work from home on my phone and I am on my phone 90% of the time so that says a lot about the battery usage!! Will definitely be keeping this phone!!To preface the entire review, i was researching this device with VZW for over 2 months. Amazon has always had the lowest price, verizon couldn't even come close to matching it. The process was tedious for me because i was adding my line to a family plan and did not have the account holders driver license number and some other information. When trying to go through the process VZW customer service verified who I was and had the ability to make changes on the account but would not tell me the information I needed. Luckily the Amazon rep was on the phone with me and was able to help facilitate what I needed. While I was on the phone with VZW, at two separate points they tried to steal the sale from Amazon but could only offer discounts in accessories (which amazon was still beating their discounted pricing). After finally receiving my phone two days later, I tried activating my device. I spent over 4 hours on the phone with different VZW reps to help activate the device. No one could help me. I guess what happened was someone at verizon had my order set to be activated the following day, but they ported my number from sprint already. I was without service for almost 1 whole day. The following day was Thanksgiving when I needed to activate it, but VZW's support number was closed due to the holiday. Luckily i was able to connect with someone at Amazon who had a direct contact number, who was able to force my activation and get my phone up and running. If it wasnt for Amazon I would have been down an entire two plus days without a phone. After buying the device at $199.99 on Nov 26, I found the device price was lowered. I called amazon and since it was within 30 days of purchase they are refunding me the $50 difference. Which increased the monetary value for Amazon wireless even further! The only down side (besides hours on the phone trying to activate) was the fact that although I ordered the protection plan through VZW when ordering with Amazon, Verizon had no record of that. As long as it is within the first 30 days you can call VZW to add it. I had read a previous review that said that, which made me double check a week later after activation. All in All, i had a lot of hiccups with the process, but the Amazon wireless customer service made right by everything I went though and was a pleasure to work with and well deserving of my business. I will definitely go through amazon for my next mobile purchase.very slow not a good phoneThis phone is uncomplicated and user friendly. It's fast, no waiting, and screen quality is excellent. After reviewing many phone options, I chose the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and it has exceeded my expectations.Love the phone! Two days after ordered, it was delivered I was able to activate it! As described, shipping time as shownGreat phablet. The stylus is a pleasure to use and the battery life lasts a good while even with heavy use. Love taking notes with the S Note app that was pre-installed. Overall I would recommend the Note 3 to others.WorksBig HD screen (5.7"), great cameras (front and back), fast CPU, Pen thing (I use it quiet often)... a very solid device indeed. Recommend!Love the S-Pen... Love the screen size. Got the UAG case for it which fit nice and snug. Came packaged with SIM card and activation didn't take too long. So far I've had it for a few months and it's beautiful.Great priceThis is a great phone but the flash light does not work. This is the phone I have always wanted. I had to give it 2 stars because everything works except for the Light. This light is for the flash when taking pictures or when trying to use the phone for a flash light.Phone arrived as promised. It was purchased in very good condition and it looked brand new! The sides of the screen don't seem to work as well as the rest, but overall I am very satisfied with the purchase ...I've been using this phone for over 6 months now and this is a great phone. It hasn't slowed down, and the battery still lasts all day. The pen is very handy sometimes for editing photos or copying textI love this phone!! I have had it for a week now with no problems. Although I had to go buy another charger because the one that was sent was the wrong one and kinda cheap quality. Other than that the price I paid for this phone was great!! Highly recommend.Excellent work...thanx sellerstill learning the phone but its cool-I just wish it was cheaper-it sure ha a lot of toys to play withI love this phone. However, the SIM card I received didn't work, so I had to go to Verizon store to get a new SIM card.This Note 3 used but appeared practically brand new. It exceeded my expectations and at the best price I found!This is a very good phone it came looking brand new and it works very fast I had no issues getting it activated on a prepaid account through Verizon Wireless I absolutely love the storage and the way the phone works it was definitely worth the money!This phone came exactly on time and was more than I had expected. There wasn't a single scratch on the screen and hardly even a scuff on the frame. The only signs of wear were on the camera housing but Do Not Effect the camera whatsoever. Even the back shows no signs of wear. This was more than excellent condition.Great phone at a great price. It actually plays more video formats than the Note 4.About 3 weeks with this phone and it is Great so far. Great Pictures, large clear to read screen, easy note taking, great phone & phone messaging, movies, internet, Google, email, very useful calendar, contacts,and much more. Has many features that are very useful, I may even seek a "Learning course" to put to use all that is has in it.the phone is awesome its super fast smooth responsive everything you could want in a phone the s pen and the features it has are amazing and the camera's are also awesome.Bought three of these for different members of my family, they are all in love, fantastic, beautiful phones.As good as new. Happens to say "Verizon" on top right, which is lulzy on my Sprint device.I bought this and have not regretted it for a moment. Everyone is amazed at what this phone can do.For the price I paid I love it. Not use to such a big phone smaller is better for my hands but a big screen is good for my old eyes. :)Phone was received earlier then expected and in Great shape! Extremely happy with this purchase! Thank you!I loved this phone even though it's a bit dated. I finally had to give it away.Love this phone...brought it to Verizon store and am now up on verizon pre-paid...no issues.This phone arrived in excellent working condition. Cosmetically it is in very good condition as well. I'm very happy with this purchase, thank you!Best phone I've ever had! Truly stable. I've been late catching up on phones but compatibility is important to me via Windows and this phone has it. Simply impressed and I do recommend.Good phone, good price cant complainGood battery life. I can actually use it because there is enough screen real estate for me to see what I'm doing. Sure, it's the Readers Digest version of smart phones, but it's much more handy than the Rezound it replaced. I haven't found a use for the stylus or the note pad function yet, but I'm sure I will. One thing that I really like is that I can make phone calls with this phone. I came to hate the HTC phone interface, but this one is easy to use.So far so good! The charger plug did not work but I have extra one @ home to charge the phone. Phone was in excellent condition. Week later: this phone is a blast to use! Glad I bought it and didn't break the bank!!Works as expected I am satisfiedRooted it, got rid of the bloatware, and this phone rocks! Should last for a long while....Could be a little more ergonomic with respect to the placement of the buttons, but otherwise an outstanding smartphone. It functions exactly as I hoped it would and I would recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing a quality large screen smartphone.Love this phone, it serves perfectly for a college student for small projects and keeping up with appointments and projects.Owned the original Galaxy Note. I was excited to get this at a wonderful price for the holiday. Love the Samsung quality phone. Big screen, all the features. Only thing I noticed is you have to talk on speaker phone most of the time or you hang up on caller. This happens alot where my face touching the screen hangs up on people. Not good!Sturdy. Exact Fit. Good price. Ribbed surface makes it stick in your hand. Good buy. Recommend to protect an expensive device.Love this phone, had a Note 2 before and it was great, this one is even better.After taking the time to learn allot of the features, I wish I've gotten it earlier. It's a mobile office, entertainment center, library etc...Item was delivered on time and is as expected. Best phone I've had. Also, very impressed with the Amazon activation process.I love this phone!Excellent product with amazing quality. Worked right out of the package.This phone is an amazing phone/tablet/toy/tool. It performs very well at each purpose that I bought it for. I have had it for about 3 months now and have never regretted it. The large screen is very clear and very vivid. Watching videos, editing photos and surfing the web are very easy with this screen. They camera is the best I have used on a mobile device and is the envy of my iPhone loving wife. The pictures are very clear and detailed. And it is very easy to use. I think it serves a very good purpose for replacing a tablet and smartphone with one device. The quality is great. If you are one of the Kool-Aid drinking Apple fans this can be the salvation to your addiction. iPhones are puny junk when compared to this thing. The removable storage is one of the many features that Apple refuses to allow in the iPhones and which I absolutely require in all of my devices. The only drawback is the lack of accessories. This, in my opinion, is a compliment to the fact that it is a tool and not a gadget to be used by self-obsessed, do-nothing hipsters living off mommy's money. It is a device for working, multitasking living people that want to enjoy their phone and not sit around waiting to waste their money on the next "upgrade."As described. Works great.Price was good and setup easy. I did it all on the internet so I never had to call or visit a Verizon Store. Works great and battery life is better than expected.I just love it...that's all I can say...I just love it ...and the size is wonderful!The battery life is fantastic. He always had problems with batteries, but this one withstands his frequent use of the phone. Love the product. Wish it would have came with the charger that is meant for it, but overall wonderful.I bought this for my son and he loves itCouldn't ask for a better price. A life saverStill learning about all of the features of this phone but I am very satisfied with this phablet. The size may not be for everyone, but you quickly adapt to that size and for me this was a feature on a smartphone that I was looking for. The battery life is very good. Thumbs up to Samsung.I choose note 3 for the program processing speed ... And the internet speed... The no delays in watching educational videos... I'm happy with my selection and can live with it for the 2 year term with verizon...LCD screen went out after only a month.* Skip to bottom summary if you do not have time to read this* Let me start off by saying I am in love with this phone. I have owned it for 3 months now and can't seem to put it down. It is big enough where I do not have to squint to read emails such as on the iphone and small enough where I can text and type one-handed (I have bigger hands). The features that come packed with this phone are all very useful and great. There are honestly more features than anyone would need to use, but more is always better. It is very fast and doesn't seem to skip a beat with all my programs running in the background, as well as astounding battery life that lets me go without a charge for a minimum of 2 days. I have not had the mentioned reception issues so it may just be a bad batch of phones or the service in my area is very good. * Now, I bet you're wondering why I am only giving this product 2 stars when I have just talked so highly of this product. The poor rating is for amazon customer service and their bloatware. I had initially purchased the phone and chosen an address for it to be shipped to. An hour after purchasing I recognized a different address was designated for shipping. I contacted amazon an hour after the purchase (3 days before it shipped) and told them the correct address for shipping. I was told the problem was addressed but behold, my product was shipped to the other address and I did not receive my product in time or at the correct location, not to mention the product came a day late. * Once I received my phone I was willing to let the shipping mistake slide until I started looking through the programs and realized I could not delete any of the apps that amazon preloaded onto the device. Granted, they are not very high in memory usage but when I spend 200$ of my hard earned money on a good product I would like to have the option of choosing which apps I need and don't need. To put it in perspective it is like buying a car and not having the option of choosing which features you want and don't want. The only thing you can do is disable the apps so they dont run in the background, but they still take up memory that should be free. The phone does come with other preloaded apps (samsung & google) that cannot be removed but they are at least desirable and used every day. I actually considered returning this phone due to the unnecessary bloatware and inability of removal, but decided that the product is too good to let a couple apps ruin its integrity. A company should not jam their products down a customer's throat and expect positive feedback. Quite actually, it deters me from using your apps on any of my devices. SUMMARY: Phone is a great product, much better than the Iphone 4s I switched from. Amazon shipping disappointed me and sent phone to wrong address. Amazon pre-loads their permanent bloatware apps onto the phone (cannot be removed). My recommendation is to purchase this phone from your cellular carrier as it will come preloaded with less bloatware apps.Overall the product was good. The only bad thing about the phone is that it came with the wrong battery. I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for that. So I ended up having to purchase a battery for it which meant I had to wait another week or so to get it.The phone is just OK. It has a week a antenna, I hardly every get one bar from my house. The back cover is cheap. You need to re-start the phone everyday to resolve weird issues. I don't recommend it.Better than expected!It was not the item advertised...Amazing phone!!!Works perfectly! I'd buy again!Great product and great seller.... you have my vote....Love it does the job and the battery last a long time between charges. Still learning all its ability keeps me busy.nice phone. Arrived fastGreat item and easy to adjust to.Muy buenoLittle scratch but it is fineLOVE THIS PHONE. long battery life even on battery hog games.Didn't read it didn't come with a stylus , couple dings but nothing major. Great phone. 100% satisfied. Thank you.Great phone..defiently worth gettingWas great I love itIt did not come with the correct charging cord so I had to get a cord. It holds a charge much better now.Previously had the Galaxy Note & was considering on upgrading to Note 2, but after seeing the Note 3 knew it was the best choice. It is lightweight & very comfortable in my hand. The screen clarity, size & color is superb. I work in the medical field & use it constantly all day long, as well as tracking my Fitbit information. The pre-installed Samsung apps very useful. Syncs & updates easily. This smartphone is the absolute best phone I've ever owned...worth every penny I paid.Arrived a day or so of actual day. Loving the phone, in great condition! Only down side is that it did not come with a chip, but thankfully I had one from my previous phone.EnjoyingFan of the Note phones from the beginning.My wife is in love with this phone ever since I upgraded her from the Galaxy S3 to the Galaxy Note 3. Nice large screen and the stylus is really cool! It is recognized by the phone just hovering it over the screen and it has it's own popup features for the stylus.I purchased the Verizon galaxy note three I love the condition of the phone but the only thing I hate about it is that it keeps losing service in certain places at my home you gotta be in a certain spot to pick up service and that's just crazyThis phone is so scratched up. If I knew it looked like this I would have never bought this. I'm so pissed. And not once do I see that this was a used phone.This phone is pure awesome. End of story. Lightning fast, full 1080p screen (which is mind-blowingly clear) - this phone has a lot going for it. However, Motorola has Samsung crushed when it comes to user-friendliness regarding typing. Let's face it - everyone gets annoyed now and again with auto-correct. But at least Motorola's auto-correct is intuitive, and understands when it changes "Staind" to "Stained" - and you go back to change it back to "Staind" because it's actually what you meant.... Motorola understands "OK, you really meant to spell it that way... we'll let it go." Samsung corrects you again. And even better, on a Motorola Droid - when you hit "backspace" after an auto-correct, it changes "Stained" back to "Staind" because it realizes you actually meant it that way. And, again on a Motorola, when you hit "Sym" to get your comma, then you hit comma, when you hit the spacebar to go to the next word - the keyboard changes back from symbols to letters for you. On Samsung, you have to hit "Sym" again to return to the qwerty keyboard. Minor things... I know.... but it's very surprising Samsung gets these things wrong. I'd think by now, they would've had time to realize these inconveniences in their keyboard programming, and fix them for us. Maybe someday.... Regardless.... the phone is a true power-house of performance. Handling every multi-tasking thing you can throw at it, without skipping a beat and still begging for more.Couldn't get ANY service, had to get a new phone from the store (which works great now) Didn't mind the minor chips in the sides, but was a total waste of $!It's a big phone but the price was unbelievable and I love the phone itself. The screen is awesome and with older eyes it sure makes it nicer. When I have to show my parents how to do something on their iPhones it is really a struggle.Works great.Love these phone. This thing works great.Best phone available, until the Note 4 comes out.Good smart phoneI love my new phone!!!! Thank you so much!!!! You guys ROCK!!!! :Di went from a s4 to the note 3 and all i can say is WOW!!!! the difference is amazing i cant even use the s4 anymore cause the screen is so small!! this phone is nice its big, but im used to it by now.I love it! I thought it was going to be too big to handle but it turns out that immediately, I wonder how I worked with my small Droid Rzar. I needed this phone and it's capabilities when I outgrew my Rzar. I don't know yet all it does but I'm enjoying the learning process.Exactly what I wantedLots of scratches paint on the side chipped all over I bought a new one and the back cover was chipped at the bottom but the phone works perfectlyI don't use the stylus as much as I thought that I would, but I'm never going back to a smaller screen again.Great Phone, Fast Shipping. Wanted to grab another Note 3 (I already have one) before they are gone.My sons picked this phone out for me to replace my Droid and Visor and it has been great! Easy to use and see, tremendous battery life, great pictures. I have absolutely no complaints about it and would recommend it.Love the phone. Not a big fan of 4.3. Very buggy. Excited for the update. No phone even comes close in terms of functionality.I really like this phone! Due to it's size the text is a little larger & easier to read. Much faster than my Samsung S3. Much improved camera with more functions.Amazing phone, looks just like new. Came in, turned on, and was ready to be activated. At an awesome price and more than I could have hoped for. Couldn't be happier.As good or better than I had hoped for. This is a fantastic crazy fast phone/tool. It's size and performance allow me NOT to have to go out and buy a tablet!A1GREAT, what more can I say?This phone is amazing. The picture is so clear and I watch shows and movies on it all the time. It is a little large, but you get used to it in your pocket and won't know it's there. The stylus is life changing. I can take a screenshot and draw on it and email it for needed edits. The camera is amazing quaility as well. I have owned Samsung and LG and Nokia and Apple phones and after this phone, Samsung is my go to. This is a great phone for a woman on the go like me.Exceeded expectations in every way.worked gr eat for awhile but now wont even turn on. paid a lot of money for it not to last longThe edges all around the phone are all jacked up I didn't say that on the review until I had already purchased it really pissed about but oh well it is what it isLove it.great phone...I love the bigger size!! great sound...a great buy!!There appears to be a software glitch where the camera phone flash comes on and stays on. I have to restart the phone. However some apps can take over the function of the phone maybe this is occurring?Verizon was not able to activate phone.Love this purchase! Looks and works perfect!Best phone/computer ever.It's not very good at charging and has some issues but other than that it's a good phoneIt pretty much exceeded all my expectations. I suggest getting the new glass like protective lens for it because like all phones it will scratch.best phone everI love it!!very user friendly and offers many new features.super bad conditionQuit working after 3 months!!This thing is awesome. Fast, screen resolution is crazy, light. Added uag case and complete package. Glad i chose it.My wife loves this phone, it is amazingThis phone is awesome! It can do almost anything. The battery lasts for 2 days before I need to charge it. There are so many things that it can do that I need to go online and learn about all it's capabilities. Very happy with my purchase!I've had the phone for a couple of days now and I can't put it down. I was a bit worried about buying something like a phone online but so far this phone is amazing I just ordered a case for itReally this phone doesn't even deserve one star. All we could do is make calls and text nothing else it useless. Ordered for my son he so disappointed. Sent it backI'm really liking my phone there are a lot of features I still need to learn.Speed and performance matched all current iPhone 6 speeds. Excellent cost for such a powerful devicePhone does not work :(Phone was in excellent cosmetic condition but.. it shuts off and freezes alot! I have to remove case then take back off 2 remove battery each time. It is a pain:-(Nice phone I had a note 2 the note 3 is way betterLOVE IT!Phone is in good condition. Works very well. I am very happy.GoodSent product back didn't workThe best cell phone I've ever bought. Easy use bright brilliant display, pictures come out beautiful. Easy to communicate between all my devices. The iPhone 6 has nothing on the Samsung Note 3 or 4Works fineI bought this phone for my brother and so far so good. I myself own one so I'm pretty satisfied with its performanceSo, far so good. Not had any problems yet .....Hands down the best phone I have ever owned. This was shipped fast and was also the cheapest place to get itAmazing phone. Love it!Great phone was sent fast and as advertisedLOVE IT SO EASY TO USE AND EXCELLENT CAMERA QUALITYGreatWorks Well. Still had the original stylus. Perfect size for me now. My only issue is that I read the description and it average wear and tear. This phone had more wear and tear than any phone that I had ever owned for multiple years. I cannot go without a case around the edges because it is so HEAVILY scratched and chipped that it is literally not comfortable to hold on to. I suggest that they submit actual pictures of the item when posting, not just the factory model picture from the website. Average wear and tear is a very misleading statement in this case. Other than that, it's a good phone. I like it alot!The screen size is great...love the pen...my favorite is the ability to handwrite and have it converted to text...no problem with battery life...fits my needs well!Phone is a mini computer.powerful,fast,reliable and looks good. Exceeds my expectations.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great smartphone.love the phoneGreat! And it arrived several days earlySimply put. The Samsung Note 3 is the best product on the market in its class! I am completely satisfied with my Note 3. Additionally, I ordered all the currently available accessories.Lovely phone, pretty much does everything it says! I'm happy with my purchase and it feel great in my hands.Couldn't be happier. I was nervous about the price being so inexpensive what i wold get. .but it was brand new as advertised from Amazon..great buy!Great phone. Fast shippingGot this for a Christmas present for my wife ans she absolutely loves it. Easy to set up. She really likes to be able to write hand written notes with the S pen.Has a weird glitch once in a while but I can deal with it.Great smart phone. Light weight, stylish and modern.I am not recommend the battery is not working enoughCrazy phone huge screen fast and I haven't had a problem yet. The battery life is great and I'm also a huge fan of the speak texting it has I could never go back to iPhone. If your thinking about this phone then get itPhone came good condition and with charger however was missing the battery and the USB cableThe device I received had a bad battery. I was not able to explore and enjoy the phone before it gave me problems.Great phone, does everything that I ask for my smartphones to do. Larger size takes a little getting used to but it makes browsing and email much easier to navigate.Great phone! Battery last me all day. Would recommend to anyone!I upgraded from an HTC Thunderbolt - which I thought was a great phone until I upgraded to the Note 3. The size is a bit of an issue. I like the large screen but I don't like the large size of the phone. Obviously you can't have one without the other so I'm adjusting. The large format makes reading on the phone much, much easier. In fact, I find myself using it more and more in place of my tablet! Oh and 1 more "note", the battery seems to last forever!At first I thought size would be to big, but it's perfect for me. I don't need my readers when using it . It has so many features I have yet to but will get to. Overall it's the best phone I have ever owned.This would be a good phone if the charging cables worked, I'm on my second charger and this one is requesting that I use my original charger. Which doesn't work any more. I'm replacing the phone. Who needs a phone if it wont charge. Its a paper weight at this point. Don't waste your money.Great phone. A ton of bloatware but whatever. Still an amazing phone for the price.It was great phone ever but i just come to lost it 2 days ago it failed on the floorIt's OK but need a good battery and not enough memorize enough space by speedWhat I have seen so far I love it! Verizon's plans are kind of expensive though. Haven't figured out an easy way to carry it around.Great phone. I just wanted the latest versionGreat phone... was actually like new... no was delivered on time... greatttt purchase Everything I had hoped forAwesome phone, does everything but make dinner for you. If you've had an Android Smartphone, pretty easy to learn how to use.Pen was broken. And the top outer case is broken off. But it works good.Great Product that was delivered on time everyone will enjoy how the Galaxy Note 3 performs. Glad I discovered how Amazon works and how great the prices are in the marketplace.Extremely easy to navigate through the features. Multi-tasking is a breeze. Decent upgrade from previous Samsung tech.I LOOOOVE this phone. I am so happy I bought it. I can't believe I waited this long. So long flip phone.Yes Good price Good Phone!I haven't had any problem with my note 3 so far and I love itNice phoneLove the big screen.Did not have a chargerLove the phone no complaints here! Might be too big if you have a active life style it takes up your entire pocket.this phone is probably the biggest and most usable phone. has all the features that the samsung galaxy s4 has + spen etcI love the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. It's a amazing phone. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone!Very nicePhone freezes a lot and shuts off randomlyAwesome purchase....Camera flash doesn't work and it freezes a lotProduct was most satisfactory..appreciate your promptness as well...thank you so much...Everything came as advertised. Very happy with my new phone.The battery holds up well. The call clarity is great when the call is established within the primary network coverage area. This phone gets a signal when I am at work, while most of my coworkers have little to no signal. The larger size is great for working on the go, too. I have watched many hours of streaming media across both 4G and wireless networks with the phone showing no issues. I have yet to push this product to its limits, I suppose, because it maintains its responsiveness even when running multiple apps simultaneously.Great price!Everything I had hoped for!Im glad I selected this phone. Still alot to learn but glad I have it.Great phone upgraded from my Note 2! I like that the stylist securely fits the opening more easily than the 2.Very very goodLove it. Awesome phone. Awesome seller. Everything came perfectly fine. No issues at all.I thought it was a good phone so I bought it.and you could do a lot of things with it an I like the way everything SonicLoved the price, quick delivery, and the item! Everything worked out as promised and I couldnt be more satisfied than I am.Awesome deal thru and thru!!! Was very easy to switch from my old phone.Love my new phone. Purchased using my Verizon upgrade and it was $100 cheaper than what Verizon was asking.This phone is amazing.The phone is exactly what I wanted but I went to use the flash on my camera for the first time and it unfortunately doesn't work :/Excellent product!! Phone was in perfect condition.very pleased with my Samsung Galaxy Note 3Very pleased with phone the color and quality of is better the expected..great phone would recommend it to anyoneFast shipping, great product, very pleased with everything about transaction.Excellent phone, excellent service !!I would like to buy anotherThe phone is nice. But I should have just got the note 4.The Note 3 was more than I expected. The hardware/specs is what a top smart phone should have. The screen is bright, big and a delight to view a web page or movie. I like a phone with power and this smart phone has it. It you want a real smart phone this is it.I love  my new phone  Thank for saving me money Screen has a crackGreat Product!!!Good shipping I love the phone I can't complainLove itAmazon has the best price for upgrading phones like Samsung Note 3 for Verizon Wireless customers. Who wants to pay more?SD cards won't work but phone has plenty of spaceThe software update always failed hence it refused to function properly.Love the size and the apps. We'll worth the money. Would recommend this phone to everyone, in fact I have.Met and exceeded all my expectations. Love the large screen.Excellent phone, especially for people with vision problems. Everything about this phone is great!Kudos to Samsung!!!I like the product so farGreat phoneLove it ! This phone is great. Don't even rrealize how big it is . But the picture quality is great and everythingI love this Samsung Galazy Note 3. Some might find it being slightly larger than most note phones but I knew it was a bit larger & wanted something with a bit larger screen display. I'm in my 50's & as you get older seeing small or fine print is important, so I bit larger screen is a huge plus & out weighs the need for a smaller pocket size phone. Being a woman it really isn't cumbersome because it's easier to find in my purse than a smaller phone. I simply love this phone!I love it!! The phone is amazing and has so many options that I don't even know how to use most of them yet!!emjoy this phoneGreat phone. Worked and look just like advertised.We loveawesome phone very satisified....can't download music with it for some reason not happy about thatI luv my phone. It the best investment.Love it does everything I wanted and moreGreat phone, I upgraded from the Note 2.Just got it today and love it!!!!Its not working properlyAwesome phone. Fast, easy to read, nice reception everywhere. Low volume.Love itThis phone is amazing! The screen is beyond nice and the camera is better than any standard digital camera. The ability to work on two windows is incredible.Super Awesome!!Screen keeps going black when talking or textingVery satisfied customer!!!Great device. My wife loved this as a giftAwesome phone. Very happy with it.I love this phone...Love itBest phone I've ever had. 'Nuff said.I had a Galaxy Note 2 and traded it for an HTC One, what a mistake! I just switched to the GN3, what a great device, my all time favorite phone. Also comes with Evernote 1 year subscription! Love Amazon Wireless store! Hate Massachusetts they charged tax on the full phone cost!Awesome phone. Love itGood phoneThis is a great phone. I love the big screen. The phone is fast, which is very important to me since my last phone had a very long and annoying lag time when I tried to make phone calls. Apps run quickly. The camera takes nice pictures. A couple of annoying things about it are: 1) The audio volume rockers are directly opposite the screen on/off button, which results in many unintentional presses that change the volume when trying to turn off the screen or turning off the screen when trying to adjust the volume. 2) There is no way to turn the sound on and off from the lock screen. Also, the rocker switch doesn't have any effect with the screen off or the lock screen on. To silence or un-silence the phone, it's necessary to unlock the phone and then use the volume rockers. 3) The video recording software freezes often.Horrible. The phone did not work, I had to buy another one.This phone is FANTASTIC. I can now chuck my Palm TE-2 confident that this phone can perform the same funtionality. This phone is big enough to act as a small tablet too! Hence the term "phablet".I was completely satisfiedAmazing phone, just 2 things. When I received the phone the battery was running out of power way too fast and also the charger did not work properly. In addition to purchasing the note 3 I had to buy a new battery and a new charger and that's why I gave this 4 stars. If these 2 things worked when I received it then I would've easily gave this 5 stars. Other than that the note 3 is an amazing phone.Great phone!!!!Got my phone fast and works and looks greatLove it!Love itExcellent!!!!LOVE IT!! Awesome phonevery good.Best phone ever!The best Smart Phone I ever had. Battery is fantastic. I am a real estate agent and I use my smart phone for business purpose. I can't even use half of my battery even in long day of work. Just love this phone.Good product prompt deliveryI have always been a 'Galaxy' girl, since it first came on the scene, I absolutely love this Note 3!!!! It's everything Samsung says it is!!! I'm buying the Galaxy Gear as well as the Galaxy Tab 3 10.1!!!!! #teamsamsunggalaxyThe pen works great, the screen is just small enough to use one hand if needed but big enough for a descent view. When I looked up some extras on it I found its definitely capable of people who love speed. Battery life is long for an android with this much power. Many options on this phone.Great phone! Suoer fast and bright color can't complain about the note 3. Can't wait for the note 5! I just hope it come with a removable battery and SD card slot.I give this phone five stars because it has met every expectation I had for it. The note 3 is a great phone. It's fast and it's multi tasking capabilities are awesome. And to top it all off it has a stylus pen that is great for doodling taking notes an also very helpful when it comes to photo editing. The large screen is great for everything and the battery last me all day. I love this phonePhone arrived on time and phone features work well, however the camera on this phone is horrible. Worst yet is that no matter if you set your flash to on it does NOT flash!!!! No Flash=worst camera ever! Realized maybe my phone flash is broken, went to return for a working one and it says I cannot return past March 6, 2015. It's March 14th. I am very very unhappy and dissatisfied because I bought this phone because everyone raved about the camera. I used the camera quite a bit for my business so it is important to me. I'm sorry that I didn't realize sooner that the poor focus and shaky pictures were due in part to the flash completely not working. Clearly this phone was not fully tested before they sent it to me :( I will never buy electronics from amazon again!!!!!Arrived quickly, works awesome and I love the phone. Has been a blast setting it up and learning many of it's new functions. I found you-tube videos extremely helpful to discover what the phone is capable of. Thank you!my favorite phone ever! broke 1 and bought same again :) do NOT want to upgrade it ever! lolWow Awsom cell phone still learning all the amazing things that you can do Easy to use so many things to learnI will never go back to the iphone.. love this phone!!! This phone will do anything!!! Best phone I've ever owned.I can't make a decent call with this phone. I have never had network issues with cheaper phones. With this I do. When on a call it randomly ends with "call lost" and to get reconnected is a problem. The phone roams when I'm in the house. Itswjust terrible and I will return it. Hope they refund my money or give me a new phone.Great phone. Works great well worth the moneyNo problems once so ever and cheaper than going into the store.i think I made the right decision Thank youBest. Phone. Ever.i went from a s4 to the note 3 and all i can say is WOW!!!! the difference is amazing i cant even use the s4 anymore cause the screen is so small!! this phone is nice its big, but im used to it by now.Perfect size for quick document display, easy to use, extraordinary battery life, extremely clear and beautiful photos - I bought a Bluetooth headset for the phone. Love it. Love it.Love my phone. I use it for real estate. Easy to see and my kids refer to it as the brick, because it is so big. They have no clue what we had in the 80's. :)The phone is fantastic. The only reason I have not given it 5 stars is simply because the flash for the camera has not worked since it was taken out of the box. I will be switching it out for another one as soon as I find the time to.Amazing! Nothing but good reviews here. Love it, it does everything I expected it to do.my life rite here....my precious.Loving it!!!my son loves itAbsolutely horrible phoneJust as described.It OK need a phone but want buy it againPerfectOverall it's a great phone but when I ordered it I was told that the phone is brand new I've been having charging issues shortly after I got it.the Power cord as well keeps saying use the charger that came with the phone I have been and still it's acting up went to Verizon got a new charger still receiving the same message and amazon wants me too pay 700 hundred for a new send my old one back then when it's received place my money back in my account or send it in and be without a phone for how ever many days. This sucks and bitesThe best smart phone that I ever had. Interface is excellent, touch screen works well and there are plenty of Apps from google play store.On time and product was great.This is the best phone I have ever owned... There is so much built into this device I cannot even begin to list them.It was more then saidThis is a excellent phone to use. I am so excited for this new device. I need a protect case and screen protector sheets.The best phone I have ever owned. This phone will be at the top for a long time to come.yeyOrder this on amazon with a 2 year contract with Verizon on Monday got it on Wednesday morning was shipped to my front door at around 9am. Was very impress with their shipping. The phone itself cost me around 230ish in total with taxes and evrything. I love this phone is so big, fast and has so much more options in settings rather than the iphone. I choose to change from apple to android because yes apple is very fast but after a while like at the end of the year my iPhone 4 started to get very slow and not respond as much as when I first bought it. Now I'm just trying to compare but so far my Note 3 is great! Of course I have to be extra careful because it is a really big phone and can easily be drop if not grabbed correctly.I never used this phone since I bought, was not chargingThis phone/tablet is wonderful. I no longer need to bring my Kindle tablet with me; when waiting in a long line at Costco, I just get my Note 3 out and read. It does everything far more than I need.Phones works but some of the sensors do not work on the front and the phone lags.As expected.Works as expected :-)Thank you!As advertised!!:-)Love this phoneVery happy with this phoneI likeTwas the day before Christmas I sat by my tree And opened the Amazon box That contained my Note 3 The box it was beautiful The phone even more I followed the guide to the letter And was online by four I downloaded my apps From the great Google Play Christmas had come early On that wonderful day There's so much to learn About this beast of mine I'll write more about it Some other time For now it's just calls And music and text I will have to say It's just as good a sex!Excellent process...and the phone is fantastic!when I bought work fine but 15 days stopped working you're going to waste your money the only good thing is that Amazon helped me get my money backBought for great price as a new Verizon customer. I learn three days later could have gotten it $20 cheaper. Also could have gotten a S4 instead S3 for same price. All good things come to those who wait. Over all I am still happy.I was hoping for so much more. I upgraded from the Galaxy Nexus to the Note 3 in hopes of having a more productive phone. The only reason to buy the Note 3 is the stylus and ability to write notes (otherwise it's no different than any phone except much bitter). While the device does a good job with transcribing my chicken scratch, I find it hard to write small enough to fit an email address or other notes. The biggest annoyance I have is that some of the features that made this phone device to desirable just aren't that good. Mainly the split screen apps. The system locks out most of the apps and only allows a small handful of apps to be use. You have no control over the apps. So if you want to watch Slingbox or HBO GO while texting or sending emails you cannot do it. Additionally, the buttons are a bit different than what I am use to. My favorite button was the window selector that allows you to switch apps. Doesn't exist on the Note 3. You have to hold the home button for a couple seconds. I find this very annoying. This device has a lot of promise but Samsung did a horrible job of allowing people to actually use the device. I wish I could have got the S4 or something else. I would have no problem trading away the "bonus" features of the Note 3.A great phone with tons of functions. I've owned Apple and HTC products, and the Note 3 blows them all away.Received a previously opened product. There was dust on the phone (underneath the packaging, which scratched the screen) and the earbuds were missing. Battery life seemed poor, but that might have been because it had been used and repackaged. I had a lengthier review, but the powers that be didn't want you to see it.This phone is awesome. Has lived up to everything that I heard about it . The pictures are very clearHave To continuously take battery and sims card out to change from landscape mode on internet and photos sucks for a new phoneso far it's the best phone I have had, it's a bit big but I like that.This was a really terrible phone, and after 1.5 yrs of suffering with it I finally switched back to my old iPhone 4S and felt like I performed a major upgrade.. I am appalled at a large company like Samsung for even releasing such a thing onto the market, and the fact that this is a third generation product is completely shameful. The device hardly functions as a phone even, and it overheats insanely (which also burns its own batteries so it doesn't last even half a day)-- frankly if I had energy I would have claimed an FTC complaint or something because I bought a device for a lot of money thinking that it would be a phone and also a capable mobile computing device and instead received a heavy brick that gets no reception and has no battery to make calls and tries to scorch my skin through the pant pocket... Seriously this makes me wonder if there is a single samsung engineer that actually tried this product......l love my phoneWhen buying this phone it does not tell you that you need a SIM Card. So, when I received it I could not use it because no SIM card. The order shows a SIM # so why no card???I love the phone. It has worked superbly for me. I came from a much simpler phone, so getting used to all of the options was a bit challenging but very fun at the same time. There are two things I'd like to talk about with this phone: Size, and Samsung's Customer Service. Size: I can never go back to a smaller screen. I really don't care that sometimes it is tough to reach some of the letters when texting or that I almost drop it sometimes when I don't have a good grip on it. I love having so much screen real estate! I love it and I will never go back. In general though, I don't have much trouble texting on it or using it one handed even without enabling the special one handed use feature. I'm 6'2" so I'm somewhat taller than average, so it may be that I'm just large enough for the size to be a good fit. Samsung's Customer Service: Terrible. I don't think they really get how it's supposed to be done. I don't think they really understand how to please customers the right way. That's probably why they have so many useless features all piled on the phone. Get rid of some of them and make others just plain work better! Anyway, it started with my phone arriving. I opened the box and got right into everything, then noticed that there wasn't an included headset. I just thought, "Wow, are they really that cheap that they can't even include a headset(that probably costs them $1 to make) with their most expensive phone?" So I contacted customer service to see if there was any way I could get one. I had sold my pair of Beats headphones since I don't listen to music as much anymore and had been thinking I'd use the stock headset that I thought would come with it. I basically got a flat "no." My next aggravation came when I saw a news article that said "Free $50 Google Play credit for Note 3 Customers." I quickly made my way to the link provided, only to be met with a screen that said "Due to the high demand, we have run out of our supply of credits. Thank you for your interest!" The promotion was supposed to run for 2 months and instead lasted less than 2 weeks. Really Samsung? I contacted customer service again to see if there was any way a disgruntled customer could get in on those free credits. Again, a flat "no." These are somewhat little things, but it's the little things that make good customer service, and I feel like Samsung fails miserably in that department.It is large.best phone ever.I have always thought the Note was an interesting concept since the first version. I love my iPhone but with each release I became more and more disappointed that they never increase the screen size. I was worried about moving from my Apple iPhones, but it was time I had to try. I have been absolutely amazed by this phone. The size of the screen is terrific. The first few days it felt huge and took some getting used to, but by day 3, it was normal and no big deal. I look at my iPhone and think "Wow, I settled for that tiny screen?". I figured with this big screen I would have to run from outlet to outlet with a charger, but it lasts all day where my iPhone couldn't. The speed, the image quality, and the functionality of this phone is just amazing. The S-Pen features and Samsung's spin on the Android platform are perfect. The S-Pen allows for such accuracy on the screen that you can do very detailed work on a relatively small screen. It's integration with Evernote is great and the Sketchbook allows the average artist an excellent canvas in his or her pocket with Adobe illustrator like features. The keyboard has a top row of numbers making input of passwords and data so much faster. They not only improved the speed of a Smartphone, they improved the speed that a user and work with it, making my iPad and iPhone obsolete. I was able to transfer my music with little effort thanks to the Google Play music app including the things I purchased. I used the Note app to sync notes on my Apple devices. The integration between the Note 3 and Evernote offer a solution to this. The only negative I can say about the phone is S-Voice is no Siri. I used the location based reminders on the iPhone often for things such as "Remind me when I get home to take out the trash".. I have yet to get S-Voice to do this, but I understand it's supposed to be able to. I'm almost speechless at how perfect this phone is. If you are interested in a bigger screen are worried about leaving the iPhone, dont be. Give this phone a few days to get used to and you wont look back..AwesomeI want to start by saying Note 3 is actually a wonderful phone. However, the one I got from Amazon with Verizon was not... I purchased the phone from amazon wireless with Verizon because they were having a really good deal for this phone.. However, it turned out to be a disaster. I first heard a static noise from time to time when I was on the phone.. And then, the fully charged battery died within 12 hours (on power saving mode).. I don't use my phone a lot usually, my iphone 4 can last me over 2 days.. So at first I thought switching to Samsung from Apple was a huge mistake. Then I searched online, everybody online says that the samsung note 3 is supposed to have a really good battery, actually pretty much the best in the market.. So with all these problems, I returned the phone to amazon, and went to a local AT&T store and bought the same phone. It turns out that the phone's battery IS really good. Now my note 3 also lasts me at least 2 days, without being on the power saving mode. I am not sure if all phones from Verizon are of such poor quality, or Amazon wireless has bad phones, or I'm just unlucky.. But at least Amazon's return service is good. So if you get a bad phone as I did, you can at least send it back...I hate this phone!This is my second Samsung phone (after galaxy nexus) and I can already say that I won't be moving away from Samsung phones in the near future. As an FYI - my smartphone usage history comprises of HTC Kaiser/AT&T Tilt, Blackberry 8700, iPhone 3G, HTC EVO 4G, HTC EVO 3D, Samsung Galaxy Nexus, LG Optimus G and now this Samsung Galaxy Note 3. You can probably find more than one million reviews for this phone online. Hence I'll not include any of that readily-available info in this review. Following is my feedback of the black galaxy note 3 (Verizon version). - NOT CDMA: Before getting this phone, I was under the impression that ALL Verizon phones are sim-less (CDMA) but I was wrong. All Verizon feature phones are CDMA. All Verizon smart phones use a sim card. Also, if you buy this phone online, chances are that the sim card will already be installed inside this device. So do not spend too much time looking inside the box, vacuuming your living room, yelling at your spouse, and then searching the parking lot. Look inside the device first! - GOOGLE VOICE DOES NOT WORK: This is not related to this phone as much as to Verizon. Verizon does not allow Google Voice. And hence if you are a current Google Voice user (to make international calls), make other plans. You will not be able to continue using Google Voice to make international calls once you get this phone. - SCREEN RESISTS FINGERPRINTS: While I could not find anything online that mentions that the screen is oleophobic, I very much suspect so. This screen resists fingerprints to a large extent. May be it was a requirement for the s-pen (stylus). May be not. Either way, I'm not complaining. - CALL QUALITY ROCKS: Both local as well as international calls are crystal clear. - SCREEN AUTO BRIGHTNESS WORKS: I have used smartphones before which had their auto-brightness feature set to either too aggressive or not aggressive enough. This phone gets it just right. I never have to worry about not being able to read it in sunlight or get blinded by the screen at 3AM. - HOME BUTTON IS NOT CLICKY ENOUGH: I mean it works but does not feel as clicky as the iPhone - ONE HANDED MODE: Features like these differentiate this phone from other phablets. I'm surprised at how much I use the one handed mode while driving or hauling groceries or sex and stuff. - TOUCHWIZ: Everyone knows that touchwiz is not the prettiest UI layer on android, but it does add features that do not exist natively in android. Rather than providing 16 weather widgets and 24 clock widgets, Samsung has focused more on including features like raising your phone to your ear to answer a call, one touch status bar, swipe right to call, swipe left to text, incoming call notification window (when screen is on), smart stay, hand gestures and stuff. - MY MAGAZINE: This feature does offer the promise of a good native RSS reader but the lack of customization (in adding your own feeds) makes this less useful as of now. I hope they make it more customizable in future updates. - BATTERY LASTS MORE THAN ENOUGH: With moderate usage, I have not had to charge my phone before bedtime so far. In fact, the lowest I managed to drive down the battery was ~25% on a day that involved shooting videos using 4K, smooth motion, slow motions and stuff. - HANDWRITING RECOGNITION WORKS: Every time you have the s-pen out, you get the option of writing instead of typing the text in most text fields. I would say that this works about 90% of the time. And it even identifies cursive! - DISABLE APPS: If you do not like pre-installed apps (from Verizon or Samsung) that you can not uninstall, this phone offers you the next best thing. You can simply disable any app in the settings and then you don't have to worry about those disabled apps running in the background or using your location data and stuff. - GOOD BUILD QUALITY: As a side note, I'd also like to mention that my almost-2-year-old galaxy nexus is still rocking even after getting abused at the hands of my 3 year old multiple times while my less-than-one-year-old LG Optimus G did not survive. I'm confident that this phone will be equally strong and durable. Also, in spite of being such a large device, it is surprisingly easy to hold. While my LG Optimus G was very slippery, this is more grippy. - PHOTOS AUTO-MOVE TO SD CARD: If you insert a micro SD card, the phone starts saving all the photos/videos to it automatically (and you can change this in settings if you like). This is a convenient and well-thought feature. I'm loving mySamsung Galaxy Note 3, Black (Verizon Wireless), hope this helps. UPDATE NOV 6, 2013: Google voice started to work on this phone. Not sure what changed, may be google updated their app in some way but Yay... Another strike in the pros column. UPDATE JAN 2, 2014: So I have had some more time with this phone and I explored its built-in RF transmitter (remote functionality) and it works fine. I'm probably in the minority here when I say that all my TV, cable box and sound bar are manufactured by Samsung but my Note 3 has no trouble controlling any one of them. Plus the Samsung "WatchOn" app is cool for browsing whats on TV currently across various channels and if you like something, just tap the "Watch on TV" button and voila! Also - I'm able to control my Samsung TV and cable box thru my Sony tablet. So I would assume that this phone should not have much trouble controlling non-Samsung branded devices.Love![Forget those silly complaints about region lock. They do not affect 99.99% of users and no USA carriers. The N9000 is the European phone, and gets setup for the carrier used in the European country where you activate the phone. Period. US users need to get the phone for their respective carrier which changes the last digit of the number. It's that simple. Amazon makes both available. I teach overseas yearly. I keep my phone in airplane mode and use Wi-Fi or get a cheap phone card.] First, I am not affiliated with Samsung in any way, nor do I work for a cell phone store. I am a writer though. Secondly, I hate long reviews with the poster just reports the specs you already have. Rather, these comments show why the Galaxy Note 3 is more technologically advanced, and more phone for your money, compared to the many good phones on the market today. As for those phones that only show an app screen. I call them cave phones. 1. The beautiful 5.7" Super Amoled HD display has a "Wow!" factor. Everything is crisp and clear with a resolution of 1920 x 1080P, 386 PPI. Despite a few good contenders, no phone on the market can match the combination of vibrant color, and deep blacks. Check it out for yourself. For those who prefer drab, you can even adjust color intensity and contrast. Is this practical? You bet. You get more viewable data for all social networking apps; you can see more email and contacts without scrolling; browsing is quick and pages more visible; YouTubes and video are fantastic; games are more playable; you can see larger areas on GPS maps; you get a better view of radar in weather; (live) wallpapers look great; you can use it as a reader; you can multitask with it; and with the right productivity apps you can even get some work done on it. I will never go back to a small screen phone. This phone is a joy to use. 2. The CPU (For US versions) is the quad core Qualcomm snapdragon 800 @ 2.3, which is the fastest processor on the planet as of this time. It will perform well for years to come. A few other phones have it. No lag on this baby. Just try to do things to outpace it. It moves data faster than you can see. Partially because of #3. 3. The Adreno 330 GPU is the best on the market, a few other phones have it. Graphics are amazing. It is 50% faster than the Adreno 320 in the Galaxy S4 which is a screamer. 4. It's the only phone to come with 3 GB of DDR 3 RAM. It also comes standard with 32 gigs of storage and you can add more with an SD card. Note: No extra charges for these! 5. It has a great 13 megapixel camera with useful software, a BSI Sensor, Smart Digital Stabilization and high CRI LED. Very few phones have this. It is also the only phone to do 4K video right now - sharp! It also does 1080P video at 60 FPS which is great. 6. No other phone has USB 3.0. 2 advantages: the phone charges very quickly on the 2 amp charger and nice thick cable. File transfer times are faster. With USB 3.0, a 2 gig file takes 27 seconds from the Note 3 to my (high end) PC. With USB 2.0 the same file takes 57 seconds. 7. How many phones have an S Pen? Except for email and quick notes, I seldom used the S Pen on my original Galaxy Note, but the Note 3 comes with some useful software making it more functional, and the handwriting recognition is scary accurate. 8. How many phones have a huge 3200 mA battery? It easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use despite the large screen. Hardware CPU and GPU improvements, as well as Android 4.3 make the 100 mA bump over the Note 2 even more significant. You can also open the back and change out the battery - unlike some phones. 9. It does infrared remote control. It also has TV-out (via MHL A/V link), Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, and gesture sensor. I'm serious people, you get more for your money. 10. Hello multitasking! The fast CPU & GPU, extra memory, and high-resolution 5.7 inch screen make multitasking feasible and fun on a cell phone. You can even scroll through multiple applications in each split screen. This is even better if you hook up a keyboard and mouse via Bluetooth or USB, and connect through HDMI to your TV or computer monitor. The Note 3 can actually serve as a small computer. How many phones can do that? You can also mirror the phone screen with your smart TV for internet, games, viewing pics, whatever. 11. This the best cell phone for gaming on the market , period. The above features and OpenGL 3.0 which is part of Android 4.3 make it happen. Don't believe me? Read the reviews, watch the you tubes, and compared it for yourself. 12. It doesn't just have GPS, it also uses A GPS (improved), and Glonass Satellites. DL a GPS satellite app, and you'll see it will access between 5 and 25 satellites at once depending on time of day and location. 13. Got Knox? No, you don't. This phone provides business enterprise, and government level security for boot, VPN, etc., and comes in handy for privacy on public Wi-Fi. You don't have to use it, but it is there. 14. The air command and air gesture features make the phone futuristic. How many phones do that? 15. Is the screen too large for one handed operation? Yes, but so what? The tradeoff is worth it. Besides, Samsung now includes software to shrink it for one-handed so you get the best of both worlds. 16. I have been using the original Galaxy Note, which is actually wider, wearing suit pants to jeans. Both phones fit fine in your pocket. Don't worry about it unless you wear skinny jeans. 17. The TouchWiz UI is fine, and superfast now, but I prefer a 3rd party launcher - Go Launcher EX from the play store. Over a million users. So, the launcher is not a deciding factor in phone purchase for any Android manufacturer. There are a few things that Samsung needs to improve in my opinion. I don't know how many thousands of people need to tell them that putting the volume rockers directly opposite the power button is inconvenient for users. The Note 2 placement was better but still wrong. I do like the new speaker placement though. Its perfect for horizontal viewing because your hand channels the sound to the user. However, there should be two of them or a better one. It is Ok, just not great like the rest of the phone. This phone should also be waterproof right out-of-the-box. Not a scaled-down version, just waterproof the thing. Other manufacturers are doing it for their flagship phones. That means Samsung can do it too. Truth be known, we users never want to see another flagship phone that is not waterproof. It's doable, so please do it. Smoke it with that nano-whatever waterproofing stuff. You went to CES. All that said, I'm very happy, with the Note 3. IMHO the Note 3 is so powerful and functional, it is the first device I would classify as a hand held computer. As a professor, I researched it for days and used the original Galaxy Note for over a year now. There are other good phones, but the Note 3 does it in one package, and in most cases does it better, for the same flag-ship- phone price. I feel sorry for the fanboys and people believing advertising hype who don't research the market. They pay top dollar but don't get their money's worth. Amazon is a great place to get your money's worth and to find out user information. Thanks Amazon. Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention, it's a really good phone too. Recommendation - get a case for any phone, one that raises a bevel on the front glass, and try to find a good screen protector.I was excited to have this shiny new phablet, until I started to use it. I am new to Samsung, so I figured the UI would take a little getting used to. I was right; the interface is very different from Motorola or HTC. I think of myself as tech savvy, but the phone had little logic in the design of the menu's or locations for any of it's 80 important settings. The camera rocks at 13MP with crystal clear pictures, as long as you use the flash... The S-pen working on the "back" and "list" buttons was very nice but palming the pen to push the home button is tedious. The display is stunning and the "adapt" features on both the sound for headphones, and visuals are great. Speaking of sound, if you like listening to music or watching videos, I suggest you pick up a decent pair of headphones with your order. The speaker is terrible, its distorted and very sharp on c and s sounds. While loud, it lacks clarity in its volume. Additionally, the microphone is trash. I've had some one talk to me using my phone and the distortion is present here as well. If you talk on speaker a lot, as I do, this probably isn't for you. It, like every other phone I've purchased in the last 2 years, comes pre-installed with a ton of "instant disable" apps. (I would love to get the choice of what I want to store on my phone for a change.) It also functions poorly with the Youtube and Spotify apps I run. Aside from this, there is also the voice activation. It turned on at its choice of awkward moments, calling and texting without my knowledge. This, more than any other reason, lead me to the decision to send it back and choose a different phone. I'm going to miss the S-pen and Scrapbook but I think I can get over it. The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 might be a great phone for some, but not for me. I wouldn't recommend it, but I won't say it was a bad phone. I like where they're going with this line but I'm going to stay away until they work out all those bugs... Good luck, and happy shopping :-)I have had this phone for about one month now (I got it directly from Verizon, not through Amazon), and I just love it. It is my first Smartphone, and I will admit I was a little nervous going from a basic flip phone to ANY Smartphone, let alone one as large and robust as I heard this one was. My main reasons for choosing this phone over others were: 1. I really wanted a tablet, but I wanted one that would fit in my purse; if it would work as a phone, too -- great! 2. I'd done a lot of research on styluses, and most of them seemed kind of large for any type of writing (they seem to be about the size of a pencil eraser, and while there are some small pencil erasers on certain mechanical pens, I was looking for a finer point), so the S-Pen really intrigued me. I also liked the fact that it is stored inside the phone; when looking at others, I was worried I'd end up losing any stylus I bought that I couldn't attach to the phone in some way. I was absolutely right on both counts, ESPECIALLY the S-Pen. I honestly cannot imagine a smartphone without something like this. I use the S-Pen all the time. It's like having a small notepad in my hand when I want to do any writing (text messages, note-taking, etc.). I don't have to try to use my fingers on hovering keys: I can write everything by hand. Although occasionally, the phone doesn't get the word right, most of the time it does. There was no extended handwriting-training like what I remember from trying out speech recognition software, You can also get other languages activated for FREE. I tried the Russian out, and it was just wonderful to see it turn my admittedly poor handwriting into recognizable words. Also, because the S-Pen has such a fine point, it has excellent precision for tapping on apps and checking checkboxes, anything you might want to do on the phone. I often even use it to write out digits in my Tip Calculator app, rather than trying to use the number keypad that shows up on the screen. And although this isn't mentioned anywhere, the S-Pen has a very nice feel to it, though I suppose people with big hands might find it to be too skinny. I have tiny hands, and the phone as a whole is just perfect for me. It probably helps that I look at it more as a tiny tablet that can make calls and less as a phone; not having had a smaller smartphone before probably helps, too, especially since I did occasionally use my parents' iPad. Now, I'll admit, I belong to the paper generation. There are just some things I do better on paper than on a computer, and having the ability to write out my thoughts on the phone, rather than typing them, is wonderful for me, since it's a bridge between the two modes. There are a lot of other excellent things about this phone. Although I charge it at night when I go to bed, I usually don't have to. I only do it because I'm worried if I skip a night I'll just stop charging it altogether (the problem I've had with past phones: they were either off or out of charge 90% of the time because I'd forget to turn them back on or I wouldn't notice that it was out of charge). Usually I have at least 75% power left. Granted, I'm not on my phone constantly doing things, but I'm still very impressed with the battery life. I also find that taking pictures is very easy and for the most part, the pictures turn out well. That said, since I've never had another smartphone before, I can't really compare it to other smartphone cameras, although my pictures tend to come out better than my mom's (iPhone 4S). The only issue I had was that I didn't know what the power button was. Not having had a smartphone before and having parents who had an iPad, I thought the big button on the bottom on the phone (the one you can see in the picture) was the power button. So one night when I HAD forgotten to charge my phone for several nights, it simply turned off, but I couldn't figure out how to turn it back on. I had to watch a YouTube video to see that the power button is actually on the top side of the phone. I was starting to worry that the phone had actually died and I'd have to get it repaired or get a replacement or something. Thankfully, it was just user lack of knowledge! At the end of the day, though, it is the S-Pen that makes me love this phone as much as I do. I just can't even imagine a phone without one.The Galaxy Note 3 is a great phone with great battery life and features. The screen is big and beautiful, the apps and features are great, and the battery lasts a long time. I have used the phone pretty heavily through a 12 hour shift and still had 40% left at the end of the day. Don't let the one star review fool you, any apps you do not want can simply be disabled and the magazine app that is brought up by double tapping the home button can simply be disabled by checking a few boxes (no registration necessary), going into the app settings and unchecking the option for the home button. Leaving a one star review for something so simple to change to your liking is absurd. This phone is also slim and light, back cover is a nice feeling faux leather and the phone is built to last.I bought this phone to use with Tracfone service, and it works like a charm! I'm very pleased that I can now use such a premium device without a contract. I must be spending only $100 or less a year with Tracfone to use this phone (minutes, data, and text are tripled when purchased). The phone itself is marvelous. After using Tracfone phones for so long (i.e. Dynamic II, Ultimate 2), the Note 3 is just a breath of fresh air. The screen quality is super clear, colors are vibrant, and it runs fast and smooth. The s-pen is a bonus! If you download the app called "Screen Off Memo" from the XDA forums, then you can write notes on your screen while it is turned off, just like the Galaxy Note 5 offers. No complaints here! This phone is a dream come true for Tracfone customers. Note: I didn't get this phone from Amazon; I bought it new from Ebay. Yes, it was more expensive, but I didn't want to risk getting a defected device.Even though I was heavily invested in the 'Apple Ecosystem' (iPad, iMac, iPhone, iPod, all that stuff), I just wanted a big screen! I had the iPhone 4S before, and waited patiently for Apple to come up with a bigger screen, and the iPhone 5 was a huge letdown. Yes, longer, but not wider. Texting on that tiny screen, even in landscape was slow, and I never liked the autocorrect on the iPhone. Just mad they wouldn't listen to their customers. Then I was at the Verizon store and saw the Note 3. The display is beautiful and crisp, and I love how you can customize this phone to your heart's delight. First thing I did was purchase Swiftkey and can almost text as fast as I type on a computer (100 wpm). A lot of the same apps that I had to pay for from the iTunes store are free on Google Play, and that was nice too. The Note 3 blows away the iphone on processing speed, so I can finally play graphic heavy games like Dead Trigger 2 without freezing or stuttering. Web pages load instantly, and with a screen this large, watching Youtube videos no longer has me switching to my iPad. My iPhone 4s was only 3G and going to 4G LTE was a real treat! Blazing fast! The iPhone had to be charged every day, without fail. I can easily get 2 full days of battery life out of the Note 3 with light usage, well over a day with heavy usage. Call quality is crisp and loud enough for me, although I see others who say it isn't. The stock ringtones that came with it were not loud enough, but Google Play has lots of free ones that are pretty good. The stylus is a really nice option, and I can tell Samsung really put time into designing it, but for my purposes it's just faster to do it by keyboard. Artistic folks will love it. Another thing that's nice that Apple doesn't allow, is access to the battery. I picked up the Samsung spare battery charging system so now I never have to plug my phone in to charge; just switch out batteries. The only drawback is it makes using a defender case a pain, so I just have a screen protector and nothing else. It's also nice to have a backup in case of power outages, etc. Holding the phone takes practice. It's much thinner and lighter than the iPhone 4s and a lot wider. I find myself touching the screen and selecting things by accident when picking it up. It looked so huge in the Verizon store, but after having it a few days, it looks like a normal phone, and everyone else's looks tiny. I know a lot of my fellow tech heads bash Touchwiz, but I have only ever used Apple, so I don't know what stock Android actually looks like. To me, it's pretty fluid. I like lots of blips and beeps, so it works for me. Not once has this phone stuttered or lagged. Seems like Verizon is slow getting Kit Kat out to us, but have heard others say that is pretty typical. I would recommend this phone to anyone. If you spend all day and night with your phone, you will not be disappointed by the Note 3 at all. C'mon Apple!!!It came from outer space and changed my life. My old phone, an original Samsung Note, became non-functional because it was a replacement phone because I'd temporarily lost the original phone. Apparently, the replacement phones sent out by the insurance company are not always as reliable as originally purchased store items. Anyway- the Note 3. First, there's the HD Netflix with no buffering lag. If you're caught in a dead space somewhere, waiting for something, this feature alone is transformative. You're looking at high quality video, on a miniscule screen that is as crisp as anything you'll see anywhere. In your pocket, in your hand, anywhere you are. Popcorn quality. That's just for starters. Someone leaves you a voicemail. Guess what- you don't have to listen to it- it shows up as text on the screen. Hi, It's Bob, blah blah blah. Well, you didn't need to listen to that message, just erase it- without having to actually listen to the blah blah blah. Very satisfying and time saving. The camera resolution is crisp. The speed is fantastic. The phone feels good in your hand- the faux leather backing is a winner. It's light. Sturdy. Fast. I use the maps function for work. Often, the app spits out a location in five to ten seconds, which is exactly how quickly I need to get it. Plus you get the tune-in radio app, which gives you the actual broadcast from any radio station around the world. So, you're sitting in your home town and listening to some dude in Nairobi, Kenya talking about the latest hit single from some guy or girl you've never heard of. In real time. From Kenya. In Africa. Or, you can listen to the Great Courses from the Teaching Company- their app for Android is Absolutely Fantastic. And of course, it works, as a phone. How cool is that?This phone is amazing. I previously had Galaxy Nexus before I had it stolen and been using the old Galaxy 1 and I hated that phone because it had such a horrible battery life and weird features. Well this Note 3 is simply amazing. Over 10 hours on battery with playing movies clips for good 8 hours and it still has enough juice to last another half a day. Great accuracies with its stylus pen and has great features like taking notes on the captured current screen with a push of a button. Really its a life style changer. Comes equipped with so many useful apps like professional version of Sketchbook, workout mate that can track the numbers of steps you take and monitor your heart rate (although having your phone against your chest to have it measured doesn't seem like a too good of an idea), and so much more. It's versatility beats iPhones or ipads anyday. I own an Ipad but this phone feels 10 times more easy to use because they offer open source for app developers you're not limited to just certain apps. I'm really happy with this phone so I'd highly recommend.Our company has used Windows Mobile phones in the past. Windows Mobile is no more, and the current phones they call Windows Phones don't even have a hint of Windows in them, and is a merging of a game console and a phone. Thus we needed to pick either IOS or Android. We are an IT company, so our requirements may be different than yours. ***************************************** What I like: ***************************************** 1. Android now has well functioning apps for RDP, SFTP terminals, and SFTP file managers to allow us to manage servers remotely. 2. The large HD screen allows you to use it like a tablet or laptop. 3. As with Windows Mobile, we now have a stylus, handwriting to text, and voice to text. 4. The battery life is not much different than our old phones, and if anything , better. 5. It has a replaceable battery. 6. It comes with a lot of internal storage, and great potential for SIM storage. ***************************************** What I don't like: ***************************************** Basic, missing, functionality. 1. There is no way to record phone calls through Bluetooth. It works fine from the phone itself, but often people will be on the road, and not be able to take notes, or maybe need to forward the conversation to another employee to get them in the loop, and I don't mean storing on someone else's server either, which is also illegal, and a violation of privacy policy. 2. There is no way for someone to backup their phone to their PC, and backing up on-line to someone else's server is illegal in many businesses, and a violation of privacy policy. We are used to being able to backup to a server, and restore the entire phone and settings if something bad happens from an app or other disaster. 3. Persistent Calendar alarms like there is with texts. That is crazy. If you have your phone on your desk and leave the room for a second, you miss it. 4. Fears of losing required functionality due to an OTA update, as has happened in the past. *NOTE: We are considering rooting these phones to obtain this basic functionality. Problems that might be specific to the phone or service: 1. The conversation usually has static on my end, not the customer end. This is a common issue that I see mentioned in reviews, while other rave about its clarity. Annoyances: 1. It's OK to get paid for including bloatware on the phone, but just don't bake it into the ROM. This is another reason why people want to root your phones. I just pile them into a folder named zGarbage. Many of these programs have user agreements that are illegal and in violation of companies' privacy policies. 2. My, and everyone else's, most hated object is My Magazine/Flipboard. It is always in the way, and to get it out of the way, you must agree to terms that are illegal for many businesses. So the miserable thing is always popping up when people don't want it. It is one great motivator for rooting and a custom ROM. 3. The Touchwiz launcher. I may be in a minority, but I like as much as any of the others except... a. You cannot control the number of rows on screen, and the default is rows spread far apart. b. You cannot back up your settings without rooting. This, you lose all of your settings if you have to do a factory reset. Thus, you must use something like NovaLauncher. 4. Needs a gadget for Wi-Fi to click and pick the network instead of navigating to settings because it is required so frequently, another thing I miss from 2009 Windows Mobile. 5. The default apps are scattered all over the place. They need to be in one place, in settings. It's nice to pop up the box every time you select a default, but you won't remember what it said a week later when you want to undo your default. Wishlist: 1. Lifeproof to make a case for it. For people who have used Lifeproof, and played other cases that claim to have similar functionality, it is a bigger deal than it appears to others.I really like this phone due to its screen size and fast processor. But after using it for three weeks, I noticed three problems... 1. Camera shutter sound: No way to turn the camera shutter sound off when snapping pics quietly, unless you turn off the volume of your phone. If anyone has any info on how to do this without turning off the volume on the phone, I'm all ears. 2. Air swiping and hand gestures for this phone may be ahead of the pack with current smartphones on the market, but it's still buggy and unreliable. By the time you swipe your hand across your phone three to four times for it to work, you could have pressed the home key to turn your phone on. Sometimes it works, most of the time it takes a few tries. 3. "S Voice" really stinks. Siri has it all over the galaxy on this one. I asked "Galaxy" about bowling alleys in my area five times and got a few different answers. Four answers unhelpful, while the fifth gave me a list of local bowling alleys in my area. But more so, S Voice is buggy as well. When it fails to give me an answer to my question, it offers to check the web for me... but it doesn't. When I click on the link to check the web, the S Voice program closes out. Otherwise, this phone is truly top notch.This is an update to my previous AT&T Galaxy Note 3 review. I have owned this phone for less than a year and there seems to be a recurring charging issue with it. It has been replaced once because of that problem and I was told it wasn't due to a faulty charging cable, but a "systems issue with the phone". Now is happening again, out of the clear blue it just won't charge. I read in some Galaxy Note 3 forums that this is a common problem with this phone. This is otherwise a stunning phone, with an excellent battery life and tons of available useful apps. At this point, if this issue doesn't resolve itself soon, I might have to get this one replaced as well. Not sure I will get a Samsung phone again. For further info on this issue, check out this site: http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-samsung-galaxy-note-3/335113-samsung-note-3-charging-issues-2.htmlI have had this phone for about 3 months now and I love it. I traded in my iPhone 4s, used a Costco sale and various discounts and got it almost for free! Pros: Faster than the iPhone (much, much faster). More memory (expandable) than the iPhone (I have 64 GB total with a memory card) Large screen (I can actually read my emails and Kindle books on it!) Like the pen feature, although I often forget about it because I've never had one before Cons: My iPhone had near perfect reception in my home state as well as when traveling. The Note 3 can be static-y in the same areas. Lots of bloatware than drain your battery. You have to stay on top of it and disable things on a regular basis. Not as intuitive as iPhone. There is a learning curve, but if you are willing to learn, you can customize your phone. Also, I have mostly Apple products at home, including our Mac, which is our main computer. Getting the Note 3 to "talk" to the Mac took some fiddling but now it's pretty good. If you are not willing to learn to use this phone to it's maximum potential, get an Apple product. However, for the money, this phone is a way better device than the iPhone. I wish Apple would catch up to Android, but until they do, I may not go back to an iPhone ever.Not even sure where to start on this beast. the 5.7 inch screen does just right by me. I spend alot of time on my phone so I wanted to get the best one out there. This comes with 32gb inside. I added another 32gb sd card for more storage. You can add up to 64 microsd card. There is only room for 1 card so go with highest you think you will need. **Tip - dim down the brightness a little. I took it down by about 25% to preserve battery life. I threw out my old camera because it was 10 mega pixels and this phone is 13!! The pictures this phone takes are second to none. It runs android OS which is powered by Google and Google Play. I am a google person so I am great with this feature. I use the phone GPS quite a bit when driving and it eats away at battery life. **Another trick is to hold down middle button and choose Close ALL which closes all apps running to preserve life. Also you can click over the Task Manager from same screen and do Clear Memory on the RAM tab to flush out the memory. The more apps run more often do this!!Apple has always trumped samsung in one thing, making beautiful sleek devices that look and feel like they warrant the price. The galaxy note 3 is the first samsung device that looks like it can rival apple devices. It is thin and sleek with a chrome border and straight form lines. The single button is also bordered in chrome and rivals that on the new iPhone 5s. The rest of the features is where samsung really excels compared to apple. The screen is huge but the phone fits in your pocket and hands nicely. The charging is via the latest USB 3.0 which is nicely backwards compatible with your old android phone charger that used USB 2.0. None of this new proprietary "lightning connector" business. The speaker is loud for media and speakerphone on the highways. The cameras are the latest technology with 4k video recording capabilities (which is the next generation of high definition TV). The stylus is stored in the phone for increased capabilities. There is really nothing wrong and not even anything left to be desired from this phone. It is hands down the most advanced and desirable phone on the market today.There are so many features I love about this phone, I am not sure where to start. For over a year I read reviews of other phones and held off buying because I felt all phones sacrifice in some areas including key things like camera, battery life, removable memory, processor speed, quality, etc. When I saw the specs and read the many positive reviews I was glad to see this phone made no sacrifices; however, I wasn't sold until I handled it in a retail store and was amazed by the screen image quality, speed and more importantly the very thin and light feel of the phone not only for a screen this size, but for screen of any size. Some reviews complain about quality; however, I have to disagree; I have been using this phone for 3 months without a case and it looks and feels great even after several drops. I don't baby this phone and it is holding up great without a scratch. The camera takes amazing photos and videos indoors, many times without using flash. I have received numerous complements from others, especially when I project onto my 64 inch plasma TV where most phone camera flaws are exposed. The video quality is so good, I find myself watching sports and movies on this phone and letting family have the 64 inch plasma, but I really don't feel like I'm making a sacrifice watching this beautiful screen in my hands vs the 64 inch Samsung plasma on my wall - its that good!! I am not a heavy stylus user; however, it comes in handy in areas I wouldn't have guessed. I like using it to capture screen images and send to friends with hand scribed notes. Also in those moments I find myself needing pen and paper to write quick notes, I prefer to use stylus over typing notes. S Educate is an amazing learning tool that has creative use of stylus for fun learning at all ages. The speed is also amazing! I rarely see the waiting spinning symbol, all apps are there almost instantly. The battery life typically lasts two days with about 30-60 minutes of internet music a day along with 45 minutes of navigation, 30-60 minutes of videos and more each day. I have never been more enthused for a product and anxious to share my experience. I know of 10-15 people that tried my phone and subsequently went out to buy one. A must buy, definitely recommend!!I always thought that I was keeping my Apple IPhone 4S in great condition, and keeping the screen unbroken. IPhone, especially ones of an older generation are notorious for being susceptible to cracked screens. So there I was, sitting outside on my lunch break at work, with my phone sitting on the bench playing music. Buzz, there goes my phone vibrating off the bench. I was so scared to pick up my phone, but I had to see if it was broken. So I finally gathered the courage to pick up my phone and as I expected, it was shattered. I picked up my phone and called my mother to break the news to her about my phone. Only to be relieved saying that she got a call from Verizon Wireless, saying that we could get new phones. So I decided to go look at new phones at Verizon and I came across something extraordinary. A phone, a laptop, or a tablet? Why pick one, when you can have all three with the Samsung Galaxy Note III? The Note III is a Swiss Army Knife of all electronics. The sleek, not-plastic back of the phone makes using the phone feel so different from other phones and tablets, because it's leather and has a unique texture. The unique texture has you constantly looking at your phone with all the fun and exciting design features. The stunning 5.7 inch screen is very invigorating. The screen is so vivid, it feels like you're looking into real life, rather than a virtual world. Being that the screen is so much larger than other newly released phones, the Samsung Galaxy Note III is the perfect size. For me, being six foot four inches, the larger phone fits better in my hands than the other phones that are available. Let's get technical. The software of the Note III is an android platform, with the JellyBean software. With the easy-to-navigate operating system, this phone allows you to do a countless number of things. Although the phone is all touch screen, the Galaxy S pen makes navigating through the phone very easy. The S pen is a very nice feature, because it allows you to accurately text and type things. Somebody like myself with sweaty hands would be very grateful to have an S pen to keep their screen clean, rather than covered in oils. Also, the phone will not let you forget the S pen anywhere! You can set it to give you a notification saying that you left your S pen somewhere. It's such a great feature for forgetful people like myself! For such a large phone, the battery life of this phone is excellent. Being that Im on my phone ninety percent of the time, it lasts from six in the morning until 10:30 at night, without charging it anywhere in between. It's very convenient for a college student, especially when Im always in the library studying.It's a near perfect phone. Beautiful screen, long lasting battery life, and tech specs are top notch. Camera is good enough for my use. The only thing I can say could be better is to take away the bloatware. TouchWiz is not the best Droid shell is inefficient and clunky, but runs fine with the high spec. I cannot say more about the stylus. I love it. I actually don't mind reading or watching movies on this phone. Lastly, a big gripe, it seems like the DAC sound processor on it, whether if it's through AUX or Bluetooth needs improvement. It's not the best, and for my phone it's very low noise. I have to turn it up maxed to hear anything. I used to have an HTC phone prior, and had no issues. The Note's DAC sound processor is terrible. How did Samsung miss such an important feature?I work for a cell provider and I've used every major phone under the sun. That said I've seen the worst and t he best. I chose the Note 3 because of the screen size and sacrificed a few things in doing so. First of all Samsung's manipulation of the android OS is cumbersome and a bit annoying all of the extra garbage and bloatware is a constant nuisance always asking for multiple log ins and sign ups. The recently added security is a major pain and kills apps that don't need to be. My biggest gripe with the Galaxy line is how cheap they feel, the Note 3 of course being the least of the bunch but still too much plastic. Another issue I have with all Samsung devices is the audio processor, this is easily fixed by adding an EQ like Power Amp but even with this add on fails to come close to an HTC one w/beats proc or an iPhone. Samsung has accomplished a major feat going against its main rival Apple but needs to keep a close eye on HTC with aluminum body design and LG making major strides with devices likeke the Flex and G2. I have already seen what the S5 is going to bring and I am by no means impressed so hopefully they make the 4 a much better design both internally and aestheticly. But as for the Note 3, I like the camera ( too much bloatware though) The screen size and clarity, the pen is useless, but the software is the one thing that will keep me from buying another Samsung.I originally bought the device because the stylus was just so much fun to play with. The accuracy is so much greater than any bulky stylus you might experience with a standard android or iOS device. The phone is even capable of detecting an accurate hover and pressure sensitivity. If you like to doodle or draw notes, this is a must. So that's all fun and good but the really impressive change from my usual experience with androids is the battery. This phone just keeps kicking. I am by no means a casual/light phone user; I surf the web with 10 tabs at a time, stream music, play games, watch movies, take pictures, text, and rely 100% on the built-in alarm to make it to work in the morning. I often let it sit out overnight without charging and not once have I had the misfortune of a dead battery.This phone changed the game. As soon as I activated it in an authorized store, it was so quick it caught the employees attention. "NO WAY IT ACTIVATED THAT QUICKLY!", "Are you sure you activated it? I've never ever seen it done that fast." Then there's when you deal with it and see for yourself how the battery is equipped to deal with heavy usage, the crisp vibrant and brilliant screen quality. 5.7 inches in diameter and 1080 The 3gb of RAM makes it pretty fast. The USB 3.0 is awesome and an unsung praise. About time this was implemented. Removable battery, expandable memory, and 32gb of onboard storage so plenty of space for apps. The camera is amazing and does surround shot (puts panorama to shame). The phone doubles as a remote for TVs and cable boxes too. What more could you want? A nuclear phone? People complain about touchwiz but Samsungs interface is fine to me. It doesn't have much bloatware. I'm coming from a Motorola Droid 3 and that is the camera that took the pictures in this review. Touchwiz is fine by me and the RAM pushes it fine. This phone is a BOSSSo I come from a long line of iPhones. I never had a problem with any iPhone. To this day I think that they are great phones. I did try several different android phones before but I always went back to the iPhone because I felt that android still needed to mature into a more stable and unified platform. Well I think that android is definitely at that point now and it is a rock solid and great operating system for phones and tablets. On the other hand I had mixed reviews about the hardware used on prior android phones. The specs always seemed impressive on paper but in real life usage I was not happy with the performance of android phones when compared to my iPhone experience. Something about them just didn't seem right. That is until I got my hands on a Galaxy Note 3. This phone is simply amazing. It has a rock solid operating system plus hardware that is blazing fast at everything! Plus the screen is awesome and the battery life is great. The S-Pen has a lot of neat functionality and is not just some gimmicky gadget it is actually useful and nice to have. I can finally say that I don't see anything that the iPhone has that this phone does not and on the contrary I feel that I couldn't go back to an iPhone because this phone offers things that the iPhone cannot such as the beautiful large screen and the S-pen. And for those who say this phone is too big it might be for some people but I think its a great size and I have no problems carrying it around in any of my pockets.This is my first "smart" phone, I'm 67. It's taking me awhile to get used to android. I still miss calls because of whatever reason. But, the built in GPS is awesome. I've been wanting to get a GPS for years. I was going out to breakfast, and just for fun I asked it "take me to Mark's Coney Island in Saline Michigan", and by golly it did. Fortunately I have a friend helping me master this thing. I really am surprised I've learned it as much as I have. I'm still struggling, but I'll get there! The battery needs charging every day, but I understand there's an app that can help that.I just upgraded to Note 3 before a couple of days and so far I love the phone. Having used Samsung Galaxynexus phone for the past 2 years, I was tired of the battery life, so one of the most important criteria for choosing this phone was the good reviews about battery life. The battery life is just amazing, I have about 75% of battery after 12+ hours of normal usage. The display on the phone is pretty good and crisp. The phone certainly feels big and operating in one hand seems a bit of challenge to me. I think I have to get used to the fact that I have to use both the hands. It is a little uncomfortable to hold the phone and talk for a long time due to its size. I ordered a bluetooth headset and hopefully that should make things easier.I've had the Note 3 for almost a year now and It was a good phone. I choose this phone because I liked the large screen that allowed me to search the web and read my emails easily which worked out great for me. However, ever since the Kit Kat update I basically have a paper weight now. Before the update the poor call quality was tolerable for the amount of calls I make and receive but now its just useless. Calls aren't coming in, I'm dropping calls, texts are delayed or not received and basically any time i'm inside I don't even have enough signal strength to make a call. Now I'll have 90% of the time one signal bar and the guy next to me with an IPhone will have full strength. Extremely frustrating! I'm basically walking around with an IPod touch now. This is not just me. There are many threads on the net with many people having the same probably across every carrier. If you are going to be on wifi majority of the time and rarely make or get calls then this a good phone but if not then STAY AWAY! I hope Apple comes out with a larger phone because i'm switching as soon as it comes out.I was so excited about this awesome phone,..but as the weeks turned into months, the novelty has worn off and I am left with a phone full of crapware I don't want or use. Most annoying is this My Magazine thing that pops up at random times, even during emergencies, updating itself with even more useless junk and slowing my smartphone experience needlessly. There's a ton of Bloatware embedded deep within the phone, so don't think you can uninstall it. And, no, I don't want to root the phone and possibly void my warranty, and/or damage the operating system. I am sure many folks are rooting the phone to get rid of Samsung's bloatware,..that's probably a major reason Samsung will be foisting it's own operating system off on us in the near future, so their truckload of garbage will be customer proof. This is a devious business practice,..if they truly believed these crap-apps were for the customer's benefit, they would make them REMOVABLE. Another Annoying CON: The sound button is opposite the "screen Off" button, so get ready to turn the screen off accidentally a few thousand times when you adjust the sound. ALSO, this speedy phone has SLOWED appreciably over the weeks. Things like opening the camera, or especially changing from vertical to horizontal (and vice versa) with the screen have slowed as the creeping cancer of My Magazine tasks the CPU with update after curse-inducing update. I mean, you pull out the camera for a quick pick of your dog catching a frisbee and, oh snap!--it's My Magazine asking if you want an update, or it's My Magazine featuring Moochelle Antoinette's new $25,000 dress. Ugg, another missed snapshot.I was so excited about this device - seemed like the answer for me. The Samsung line is a favorite of family members, I went for it. Loved the stylus, loved the capabilities of the device. I liked being able to see the screen and the ability to customize certain things. However - with the case, this becomes bulky and not at all handy for the main purpose (for me). I held it in my hand, but not inside a case. The case is really not an option - you need one! It's like carrying a book all the time, and not a lightweight one. As a phone/text device - ok. As a camera, forget it - the case is in the way and the whole thing is clunky. As for games - my favorites did not work for me, due to the bulk of the whole thing. I did not like the chaotic clutter of all the preloaded stuff. I'd enjoy having one of these - but only as an additional item, not as my 'main squeeze'.I have always been a Samsung person, but this is my first phone with them. My only concern before purchasing was will it fit in my pocket and the answer is yes. Pros: Speed - 3GB RAM and 4 cores makes this a computer in your pocket. Weight Screen!!! Mutliview window - People always says that's large phone, then i show them how I watch TV and read email at the same and they want one too Google Now SD Card slot Great Camera S Pen - Didnt think I would utilize the S Pen much, but after a couple weeks with the phone, i find myself constantly unsheathing it. I am able to swype better then ever and being able to copy a section of screen to send really impresses people. Cons: S finder instead of Google now as default that cant be changed. When you purchase this phone you know you are getting a phone that is rather large, so I wouldnt list that as a pro or con, its a given.Love it even more than I thought I would! I switched from Galaxy S3 (which I also loved) to get a bigger screen, longer battery life and more overall horsepower. I've just been amazed and am continually stumbling on new capabilities that make this tremendously easy to use and a fantastic business and personal device.I had an Iphone 5, and its my problem. The Iphone 5s screen is small so I cannot type it right when I text to my friends. Because I have big hands and big fingers like all the boys are, so when I use Iphone I always type wrong words and my friends could not read, and cannot understand what Im talking about. Now got a Samsung Galaxy Note III, its a lot better than Iphone. Its easy for me to type because its big screen. One more thing that when I using Iphone 5, if I want to change the theme and back ground, I have to go to apps store and buy it. But with Samsung Galaxy Note III, I can easy to download it and of course its free. Samsung Galaxy Note III is a good product with a lot of useful apps, and Samsungs camera is better than Iphone 5. Because the quality of Samsungs camera is higher than Iphone, you can even see small details in picture while Iphone 5 cant.The Galaxy Note 3 is perfect for someone who wants a smartphone and a tablet, but doesn't want to splurge on both, let me start by saying the design of the Note 3 is highly improved over the Note 2, the screen is now .2 inches bigger and full 1080 p, also the display is much brighter, the new faux leather back is awesome, I see some reviews knocking it but I'm not sure why, it's gives it a grippy yet premium feel while still giving you access to the battery and sd card, while I love all aluminum smartphones, I don't like that you can't open them up to change out the battery, this phone is jam packed with many features, some of which don't work well and feel gimmicky such as smart stay, and smart scroll, it takes a while to go through the settings to configure it to your liking, this phone is certainly not for everyone, it's large size makes pocketability tough. The stylus feature is cool, for me it comes in handy when I'm out and about and suddenly need to jot something down. This phone is seriously fast for web browsing, and the multi window feature definitely comes in handy, for instance when comparing prices on products from different websites side by side. The camera is just ok, with the right lighting pictures look great, I'm disappointed in the lack of optical image stabilization, overall there is no better phablet on the market. Pros- 1080p, stylus, great battery life, fast processor, screen size. Cons- Camera needs some improving, size not for everyone.This phone is amazing. From the s-pen to the camera to the screen i have never been unsatisfied. I purchased this phone with the intention of playing games on it and have never been disappointed. The performance is excellent, it has plenty of storage (and expandable storage) and it is durable.The title is exactly how I feel. The Note 3 is an amazing phone/tablet (or "phablet"). I purchased it a couple of days ago to replace my Motorola Razr Maxx which I loved until it recently started to freeze and lag. I had been eying the Note 2 for some time and wanted to wait for the price to drop. I'm glad I did not rush to buy it, because now the Note 3 is out and I found it half price and brand new at BB. I have the original Galaxy Note 10.1, which I love and use consistently for work. Of course, I would love to upgrade to the 2014 edition, but first the phone, and then.... So far, I find the phone to be easy to use, blazingly fast, crystal clear display, and the S-Note app is wonderful, which tempts me to no end to lunge for the Galaxy Note 10.1 2014, lol. Upon purchase, I transferred the SD card from the Razr Maxx to the Note, which brought up all my saved pictures that I had downloaded, so no need to start over. I also immediately bought the Otter Box Defender to protect this phone, as it is a worthwhile investment. The phone is quite big, but this is what I like and my hands are large enough to hold the phone comfortably. Smaller hands may find it to be a problem. The phone sounds crystal clear, the audio (using headphones) is beautiful, and I will now begin to download some of my favorite apps to expand on the enjoyment of this phone. System updates were available immediately upon turning the phone on, and the updates downloaded with no problem at all. I find the plastic screen protector with Otter Box to be quite smooth, and does not interfere with the hand or S-Pen at all. And I feel good knowing the screen (and the whole phone) is well protected. I would advise a good strong case such as Otter Box, as this phone could easily slip out of your hands, mainly because of its size, but also because it is a bit slippery. Overall I have no complaints at all, but will update this review if anything else catches my attention. Should you decide to get this phone, you will not be disappointed. Enjoy!It's been almost a month with this phone, I like it I enjoy it more than I thought I would. I was formerly an iPhone 5 user, loved apple Eco system. Bah bah bah... First impression, wow it's big I wanted a big phone since I'm use to having small phone because of Apple. Maybe sometimes too big, sometimes I fell like its a perfect size. So first let's start with android, I had android phone in the past, I keep it for a week hate it promise myself to never buy another one.. It was different with this phone I got to say to running android 4.3 it was a different experience, android has changed a lot it's up to par with iOS, same issues same headaches. Like with any OS it has it kinks you just have to figure it out. Android is good now. There is a lot of apps out there that allows you to still share calendar with iOS and vice and versa. Love that. Hardware, specs are to blow you of water. I love the camera amazing photo quality very much what I was use to on iPhone 5. I love the display, it's just amazing. Bottoms too me a bit to get use to them, now I don't see anything wrong with them. Plastic is okay I wish that it was more durable I have a case since day one and I got a dent already. Battery, I can get a whole day without charging and heavy usage, two days if I use it modern and turn off all of the gps and sync. Battery is mainly use to power the beautiful display. Did I mention how beautiful it is. Samsung, not too happy I didn't buy this phone for brand I bought It for its size and specs. Samsung takes a lot from android, you can't use a headphones with remote without being a samsung compatible, you can have certain settings without downloading apps. It kinds blows. It's one of the reasons for my overall rating, I can't get too specific. Verizon, great... I have lots of unwanted apps to disable, junkware alert. No headphones included what a disappointment. I can clearly say I enjoy this phone more than I though I would. I really thought that I would return it.. But wanted to try something different. I got that with this phone, will I ever switch probably. For now this phone is enjoyable, I would recommend it.This phone is a wonderful buy! The battery like holds up 14 hours and that is with playing on the phone all day. ex. Facebook, snap chat, YouTube and much more. The 13MP rear camera is wonderful for making my YouTube videos and the 2MP front facing camera is wonderful for my Facebook pictures.well when I wanted a bigger phone because I use it 24-7 I waited for the galaxy note 3 to arrive. I must say I am pretty happy with the phone overall. It's fast does more than I could ever want and I really haven't noticed the extra size in my pocket versus my droid razr xt912. It's light and compact (thin anyways). The S pen comes in handy and has helped me not reach for my laptop. + pluses Thin and light speed (3g ram) Gorilla glass screen replaceable battery (a must for me) memory sd card upgradable (I have a 16g) will be lots of accessories s pen great usb3.0 charges fast - n e g a t I v e s has a cheap feeling compared to my old Kevlar and aluminum droid razr leather looking back is even cheaper feeling than the phone wifi disconnects and reconnects randomly and frequently I have had to the Verizon store once with no fix I understand this is more of a wide known issue with Samsung products (says the forums) So far it's not a deal killer because my 4g with Verizon is as fast as my cable internet at home. 3g ram 50-80% used up when you look at the memory manager. I haven't experienced any lag issues but I worry about that as I add apps. I may want super user access on this phone to prevent some services from booting and using memory. usb 3.0 cable is cool and charges fast but not really economical to carry it around and the OEM Samsung cord sucks because it's to long and huge in a bag Ok I think that sums it up. If I find other flaws or gripes and I will update the review. Great job Samsung not, lets work on quality of materials and fit and finish. I really think for $700 this phone should feel higher quality. 06/04/13 Update. Since I have a new internet service and router I have had zero issues with WIFI connectivity.My first week of testing the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (Verizon) has yielded amazing results. I put on the 0.4mm tempered glass screen protector and was ready to give it a run through a myriad of tests before I decide to swap my current Galaxy S4 (GS4) for the Galaxy Note 3 (GN3). - Size: After coming from the GS4, the increased size of the GN3 is not that drastic. Perhaps 1mm thicker, 1/2" longer, 1/4" wider, but somehow this yields a 5.7" screen over the GS4's 5" screen. It just means you won't have to squint as hard to watch the boobies! - Weight: I am impressed by how light the GN3 is when compared to the GS4 and the GN2. There is a very slight difference of weight between the GN3 and GS4, but it's so minimal, that it certainly launches the GN3 to a new level. - Pen: The pen function on the GN3 is freaking phenomenal! However, I believe this is solely an OS issue, and not related to hardware. I found that the Papyrus app to be more to my liking than the included apps. - Speed: Oh my freaking chupacabra this sucker is fast, noticeably so over the GS4. Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor clocked at 2.27 GHz, holy moly, this puts the GS4's specs (quad-core processor clocked at 1.9 GHz) to shame. - Memory: 3 GB of memory vs the 2 GB in the GS4. - Storage: Glad to see Samsung boosted the stock storage from 16 GB as found in the GN2 and GS4, to a whopping 32 GB. I won't actually need an extra SD card now. - Battery: 25 hours of talk time unmodded/unrooted, are you serious? Wowzers, this 3200 mAh battery is the bomb, boasting a 22-day standby time. GS4 has a 2600 mAh battery, and gets around 20%-40% less talk/standby time. 84 hours of music playback anyone? Yes please. After 4 days and 2 hours, my battery is finally at 49% with wifi on. - Camera: Same as what's on the GS4, which is awesome! - Video: 4K video, wait what?! Are you kidding me? And up to 120 fps slow-motion capture??? Oh, this is going to be fun! 3840x2160 (4K) @30 fps, 1920x1080 (1080p HD) @60 fps, 1280x720 (720p HD) @120 fps. For reference, the GS4 only does 1080p HD at 30 fps. No wonder it took the #2 spot for top camera function on a phone! The only reason it didn't is somehow, that s***ty Windows Nokia phone scored half a point higher in camera function. In addition to the image stabilizer featured in the GS4, the GN3 also includes continuous auto focus. This is a HUGE improvement over the GS4's video capabilities. I took several videos with the GS4, and it was constantly loosing focus. Not anymore with the GN3! - Google Wallet: It's back! I think it's great that Google Wallet once again works on the GN3. I used to use it all the time on my developer version of the Galaxy Nexus. Google discontinued official support for this app on the GS4 for whatever reason, though a modded version could be applied. - Knox: An eFuse, that defaults to 0x0. Any attempts (currently) to modify the bootloader results in tripping Knox, or setting the eFuse to 0x1. Does this have any effect on the phone itself? No. It only means that once tripped, your warranty is void (as with rooting or adding a custom bootloader as it always has been) only now, Samsung has a way to track this. - Rooting: Full root and 0x0 Knox bypass has been established for the GN3. I believe the XDA community is currently working on a way to add a custom bootloader without tripping Knox. This is definitely a great device to consider if you are looking to go with a phablet!We got one of these at Best Buy for Verizon and it keeps rebooting every 10 or 15 minutes, making it worthless. Best Buy adamantly refuses to do anything about it, saying we must go through Samsung. We've also tried Verizon, and get the same run-around, saying that we must go through Samsung. We've sent it to Samsung repair TWICE. They send it back, and it still has EXACTLY the same problem. Just today, we called Samsung again and got another RMA and are sending it back again. Samsung says that they have no way of replacing the phone, and that they can only repair it. I was getting to where I liked Samsung, but this is ABSOLUTELY the WORST situation I've been in in a long time. I feel completely abused and discarded by Samsung's, Verizon's, and Best Buy's word to sell me a usable product. Sorry for posting this on Amazon, but I'm now trashing this Samsung phone everywhere I can.I usually have a love/hate relationship with my phone. After a period of 6 months, I am done with it and ready for a change. I have only had this one a few weeks but it really does tick all of the boxes. It has great pic quality, amazing battery life, 32gb of storage, super fast data retrieval. All you need. I don't think that in 6 mo I will be looking for a new phone!I was worried about the size but it is the best phone I have ever owned. I have an Ipad and a kindle fire but to be honest, I don't need them anymore. I can not imagine a better phone than this: fast, amazing camera, big screen for reading E-books/surfing, replaceable battery, an extended memory option, huge application choices. The only thing I didn't like about this phone that my daughter wants to play games using it instead of her Ipad. Sorry Apple, you are a little bit behind.I really loved this phone until the update. Over the past 2 months since the update the reception has been terrible and suddenly I can barely send a text without it failing. I have pretty much surmised that this has only been since the update a couple of months ago. In the two months prior the phone was great. I have contacted everyone numerous times over this and they pretty much confirmed my suspicions. It is quite disappointing to spend so much on this phone just to have it all die out with no fix available. If you do get this phone I suggest you do not update it or any of the other new Samsung phones. While it may be great in city areas it has certainly declined here to an almost unusable level.Love the size of the screen. Doesn't feel silly big. The camera is awesome and love some of the S pen features. The four stars is for some dropped calls and it seems to change ring volume, not sure if this is the phone or some app. This is not a deal breaker because I really like some of the other options.Absolutely love it. I use it for everything, music, pictures, games, I love itI love my new Note 3. It's the best phone I've ever used, no contest. The shipping was super fast! Two thumbs up guys!It is so good so good I love it works were ever u sit in ur house so goodThere's a lot of annoying issues with this phone. 1/50 apps will probably crash the phone. I cannot turn off the headphone and airplane mode warning. Is it really necessary to warn me all the time? When I write horizontally, my palm would always either block the light sensor or hit the home button. It pretty annoying. The UI is slow, takes almost 2 seconds to load up s-note or a quick-note. Evernote syncs takes forever for the site to update my snotes. Snote takes almost 2 seconds just to turn a page. The 4k camera is really shaky, and cannot record more than 5 minutes even though I have space for it. The home screen does not rotate with the default launcher. This phone is no where close to the smoothness of my old iphone 5. I would not recommend this phone.What do you 1 star people.complain? If I have questions I drive to my Verizon store (where I got the phone)and they help me. You wanted to save a few bucks or whatever from buying it on line. Seriously??Great phone! Battery last me all day. I absolutly recommend to anyone!I love love love this phone. I upgraded from my note 2 to the note 3. Great for taking pictures, multi tasking and very user friendly! Best smart phone I have ever owned, hands down.Lazy review but I had to get my score in. I've been a Galaxy 1 anf Galaxy 3 owner for years. Loved them both but the Note 3 is pro league in comparison. Not as big as you think - within minutes you'll EXPECT its size and your old phone will look SO small. Think of your 55" plasma to your old 32" you used to love. Pen is for me too. Super fast. Screen is so good it looks like one of those ad stickers to me (if you get me). More later.I read all the reviews on this phone. They all seemed good. I was attracted to the screen, I really liked the large size of it and the pictures seemed pretty good too so I went from my Iphone to the Galaxy note.The phone is awesome, and I'm leaving a review to warn others of the only issue I've run into. It's not even with the phone-- it's with the Pen and screen protector. Just be really gentle when you use it, because depending on the screen protector you have, it'll leave pen marks that you can see when the screen is off and the sunlight is shining on it. Just a fair warning, the S pen is pretty sharp.Dont buy this phone. There are a lot of 5 star reviews but I will say this. My phone after having it for 4 months caught on fire. Samsung after reporting it to them did nothing to rectify the situation. Horrible customer service. Got a used refurbished phone with no back....no new battery....no new stylus pen...had to use the ones from my old burnt phone.Not Bad, Fast Shipping, Great Product . Real Person Review From Huntsville AL.Best phone ever. Size is awesome. Extremely easy to use. Can enlarge font to make easier to read. Well worth the cost!!!Battery losing ability to charge. Want a new battery under warranty send yours in and wait 10 days for us to send you one. No way to swap. Samsung has terrible customer service. I have a large number of Samsung products but this is the last one. Any time there is an issue with any of their products it is essentially the customer's problem.If I want to send this phone in my country would it work?Better than the first one I receivedLove my new phone!Its an amazing phone, does everything I need and want and more! Very happy with this purchase! Makes my work that much easier.I bought my Note 3 last Fall. It works fine at the location I usually live. I have a summer place which is 20 minutes away. My Note 3 has very bad signals. I could not even place a call out. The battery goes dead very quick. I had iPhone before which I had no trouble at both locations. The rest of my families all have iPhones. Nobody has troubles at the summer house. When I spent almost all week to google Note 3 problems, I was shocked to see how many people had reported and discussed the similar problems. Switching to a new SiM didn't help in my case which many other had already done. I highly doubt Verizon could fix it at all. When my contract is over, I'm definitely switching back to iPhone.Wounder if it works with prepaid verizon?my mom has one and it looks/works great. makes me wish i could by one.AwesomeThe worst phone I ever bought in all my life. This is just BS, Trash. Caller Id = comes with +, Net work reception sheeeeeet, GPS useless !This is TRASH wasted money! Money wastedI've had this phone for about 6 months and already want to trade it for an iPhone 6 plus. I HATE the camera. My daughter is in gymnastics and when I take her pictures from my seat they ALL AND ALWAYS come out with blurry face. I tried all the modes and everything and nothing works. I have NEVER gotten a clear picture and she's not too far from where I'm sitting. Hate it. I've had I phones before and I definitely like their camera better.It says "a verizon phone" but doesn't work with verizon . Don't buy it . Basically rip offI've had the note 3 and previously the 2 and with both I had bad signal and it would constantly overheat. Sometimes the phone would be idle and still overheat, I replaced it twice and same issue. This phone has a lot of bells and whistles but lacks reliability.I have the original unlocked international version of the Galaxy Note N7000 and I absolutely love it and I was about to purchase a Note 3 until I read the reviews. When I pay 500-800 dollars for an unlocked phone, I should be able to add or remove apps and activate it anywhere. Even my current phone has apps that I can't remove unless I root the phone. I'm certain that the Galaxy Note 3 is a phenomenal phone, it's Samsung's policy, akin to retaining partial ownership, that I find offensive. Until that changes I won't buy a Samsung product. Samsung's motive is erecting an obstacle to the gray market. As far as I'm concerned the gray market is also the free-market. Governments and companies love to tout the free market but won't hesitate to manipulate/interfere with it. Don't expect me to be complicit. I'm not sure what the gray market direction is but if it's from the US to other countries I suggest sellers look into purchasing cheap sim cards from straight talk for the initial activation. I'm not sure if it will work but anything to contribute to the failure of Samsung's idiotic business decision.I bought the galaxy note 3 out of contract because I travel a lot between Europe and the USA and I need to switch between sim cards often. However, the so-called "unlocked" version of the note 3 is actually region-locked, so that if you buy it in Europe it will not accept *any* sim from the USA (and vice-versa). And of course, I had no idea of that limitation, nor did my seller... Afterwards I found on the Internet people saying that Samsung could unlock my device if I complained hard enough; that I did, but they did not; I am now stuck with a half-useless phone. Thanks but no thanks, Samsung! Too bad: the note 3 (when in its locked-region) is actually a great phone...When I start my car with the Note 3 bluetooth on, Samsung feels compelled, via the smartphone, to say something like "Good morning. I hope you have a nice day". Actually, I'm not interested in Samsung being part of the family like that. I just want a smart phone. Ironically, their message degrades what was starting as a nice day. Maybe I've turned the radio on. Suddenly there are two sound sources. It's distracting, and while driving! Maybe this can be turned off. I think I found a way once, but then it reverted. I don't want to spend a lot of time learning how to deal with this. Samsung does the same with their washers and dryers. Basically good machines, they will wait until you're unloading clothes, with ear next to the machine, then hit you with a jingle. Why? It's too bad, because the Note 3 is generally a great smart phone, but with the Samsung's fixation on popping people with the sound intrusion, I can't rate it better than 1 star.Phone is great, love it. When my company cancelled my work phone I was happy to pick this up. But trying to transfer my number was a disaster. Verizon figured out how to do it and credit things correctly, but Amazon is lost. Wants to charge me the full cost of the phone even though Verizon said everything was ok. Just want to keep my same number. If I have to I will be sending the phone back and never trying to do this type of thing with Amazon ever. Sometimes you just need a human.I made the move from an iPhone to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 about 4 months ago. Since then, it's brought me nothing but trouble. I have to restart the phone on a daily basis just to make calls, the phone constantly overheats, and doesn't hold a charge for longer than 6hrs on standby. I've never downloaded games or any other questionable apps. The phone is just crap compared to the iPhone.Ive used three different computers, three different browsers (on recommendation from Amazon support) and can't get past the screen that checks your eligibility for upgrade to a new device. I have had my current contract with Verizon for two and a half years, I was eligible for upgrade in August. Sucks that I now have to pay $299.99 to Verizon for the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 which is offered here for a $179.99 upgrade. Major fail Amazon, and I was thinking about coming to work for you in Dupont. Fat chance with this debacle and your questionable corporate policies. Not liking the tease.REALLY SAMSUNG? You integrate the most used key (center home button) on your phone and add "My Magazine" function to it. If you press the home key twice you are AUTOMATICALLY greeted to the "My Magazine" feature and then YOU MUST register and "AGREE" to the terms BEFORE you can "disable it". I BOUGHT YOUR PHONE FOR THE EXCELLENT HARDWARE NOT YOUR HALF BAKED SOFTWARE. BY FORCING ME TO "agree" the terms in order to "disable" it, you've achieved the exactly opposite. This is EXTREMELY INFURIATING and OFF-PUTTING. VIRTUALLY 90% OF REVIEW SITES MOCK YOUR BLOATWARE AND YOU INSIST THAT THE CONSUMERS WILL LIKE IT. YOU'RE NOT GOOGLE AND NEVER WILL BE. STICK WITH THE HARDWARE - SOMETHING YOU'RE SUPERB AT IT AND LEAVE THE BLOATWARE FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES. THIS ONE IS GOING TO BE RETURNED IMMEDIATELY DUE TO YOUR INABILITY TO LEARN FROM YOUR MISTAKE. THOSE WHO FAILED TO LEARN FROM HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO FAIL SO THEY SAY. STOP FORCING PEOPLE USING YOUR CRAPWARE SERIOUSLY. I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO USING MY NOTE 3 BUT THIS GARBAGE "MY MAGAZINE" SINGLEHANDEDLY TURNED ME OFF TO THE POINT OF SWITCHING TO ANOTHER DEVICE. GOOD JOB, SAMSUNG!REALLY SAMSUNG? You integrate the most used key (center home button) on your phone and add "My Magazine" function to it. If you press the home key twice you are AUTOMATICALLY greeted to the "My Magazine" feature and then YOU MUST register and "AGREE" to the terms BEFORE you can "disable it". I BOUGHT YOUR PHONE FOR THE EXCELLENT HARDWARE NOT YOUR HALF BAKED SOFTWARE. BY FORCING ME TO "agree" the terms in order to "disable" it, you've achieved the exactly opposite. This is EXTREMELY INFURIATING and OFF-PUTTING. VIRTUALLY 90% OF REVIEW SITES MOCK YOUR BLOATWARE AND YOU INSIST THAT THE CONSUMERS WILL LIKE IT. YOU'RE NOT GOOGLE AND NEVER WILL BE. STICK WITH THE HARDWARE - SOMETHING YOU'RE SUPERB AT IT AND LEAVE THE BLOATWARE FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES. THIS ONE IS GOING TO BE RETURNED IMMEDIATELY DUE TO YOUR INABILITY TO LEARN FROM YOUR MISTAKE. THOSE WHO FAILED TO LEARN FROM HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO FAIL SO THEY SAY. STOP FORCING PEOPLE USING YOUR CRAPWARE SERIOUSLY. I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO USING MY NOTE 3 BUT THIS GARBAGE "MY MAGAZINE" SINGLEHANDEDLY TURNED ME OFF TO THE POINT OF SWITCHING TO ANOTHER DEVICE. GOOD JOB, SAMSUNG!I bought the first couple of iPhones when they first came out and use my wife's every now and then and I've also owned 4 or 5 different android devices and the note series is by far my favorite. I purchased a Note 2 when it first came out and loved it so I decided to go with the note 3 and it is an even better version of an already great phone. I was debating between this, the S5, and the HTC One M8 but I went with the note and took the "hit" in processing power for and extra Gb of ram (which is amazing). I've already rooted and installed the hyper drive rom but even without the extras of a custom rom this phone has so many features that make it a fantastic productivity tool. The S Pen alone is something that I use literally every day at work to take meeting notes. I work with meeting software that allows you to share your screen so I can do that while also taking nones on my Note 3 without showing everyone what I'm writing down. Then I sync with evernote and have all of my notes in the cloud, it's perfect. Fantastic phone with a great price here on amazon, couldn't be happier.This review is for the Note 3 in general, but also as a recommendation for LaptopAngels if that happens to be the seller somebody might be looking at. I gave LaptopAngels a 5-star review for sales and shipping, as well as for handling a return with courteous professionalism. The phone: The phone, the phone, the phone. I take back every bad thing I've ever said about Samsung. The 2-year-old Note 3 stacks right up there with every 2015 phone I've had my hands on. My daily driver is a Droid Turbo, and this Note 3 is every bit as much fun to "drive" as my Turbo is. I should qualify by saying that the Note 3 we eventually bought is still running Kitkat 4.4.2 (So I can't speak for this phone with Lollipop 5.x installed) and we plan to keep it on Kitkat... one BIG reason we were in the market for an older phone was an increasingly *severe* dislike for Lollipop. Basically, this phone replaces a new LG G4 with 5.1 (which replaced a G3 with 5.0) and the new owner could not be any happier. She had a Galaxy Note II before, and it croaked, which was the only reason she needed another phone. It was my mistake to steer her toward LG; should've considered the Note 3 in the first place. Samsung definitely got it right with this one.Best phone. Things you should know. 1. Best battery life than any other Android phone I have had. 2. Most features that are exclusive for this phone I thought I would use. I do not. For example I do not use the stylus as much as I did. The recent update killed the ease of use and coverting text from handwriting to text. So I do not use it anymore. 3. Fast response. Have had this phone for about 9 months. Still just as fast responding to touch and opening apps as day one. 4. Can only be used with a max mini SD card of 64gb. This is a minor complaint only. 5. Does not get hot. Unless you are doing a lot of stuff while charging this device does not get hot to the touch. The normal running temp is about 100 degrees Fahrenheit but you can not feel it. 6. Charges fast from dead to full charge. This is based on stock charger that comes with phone which pushes 2.1 amps. I also use a 3.5 amp car charger which it charges faster with. 7. The IR ability I use a lot for controlling my TV and dvr. The app the phone comes with is the best app but the app does need improvement though this is not the phones fault. 8. WiFi is fast. My Internet speed tops at 40mb/s and the phone WiFi can do it. Unlike most phones WiFi usually cap at 20mb/s no matter what. 9. I have the Verizon 4G lte and the lte I have seen push 60mb/s for speeds so again the phone ability for strong and fast signal is impressive. A bunch of other things positive and negative. I am disappointed in Samsung and their lack more rather restrictions of app abilities but this is not the phone fault. Great phone and best I have had.When I receive this device I have many options this was the more expensive for replacing my device only reason why I was getting the new Samsung phone was because my device has stopped charging so I purchased a charger so that I can charge the battery as well as the phone app on received device I noticed that the screen did not display the actual time as well as it did not charge the phone the original charger for the Samsung Note was not in the box I received the secondary charger that does not work to charge the phone advised that the merchant please send a new phone and I would send the other back because I didn't want to be without a cell phone I never received any other information regarding my request since then I have purchased batteries so that I can swap the batteries out and charge them through the charger that I purchase that will allow me to charge the battery it's real inconvenient because now I have to spend more money and my phone is not under warranty and I don't want to be without a phone I think that the merchant could have sent out another phone or a new charger to accommodate my situation never again will I purchase devices from this monthWow!! What a phone!! I had long ago decided to replace my aging Droid Bionic with a Samsung Galaxy S4, but a phone Guru friend recommended that I consider the Note 3 instead of a Galaxy S4 as a replacement for my old, tired and broken Droid Bionic. After reading several reviews comparing the Note 3 with the Galaxy S4, and speaking with a local cell phone expert, I decided to spend $385 on a Note 3 instead of $250 for a Galaxy S4. When I placed the Amazon order for the Note 3, I wondered if $385, versus $250 for a Galaxy S4, was well spent. Well, after spending several hours learning how to use my "loaded with features Note 3", I am happy that I spent the additional $135. Compared to my Bionic (not a fair comparison I know) the Note 3 is Screaming Fast, and has lots of features that I hope to master in a month or two. If a potential user checks-out any of the dozen or so YouTube videos re the outstanding features of the Note 3 (Snapdragon Quad 800, great GPU, 3MB RAM, Stylus and on and on) and you might consider the Note 3 (or Note 4 if price is no consequence) as your next smart phone. I found several reviews comparing the Note 3 to the Note 4 that recommend the user stay with their Note 3 unless upgrading to a Note 4 is virtually free. One reviewer indicated that by late 2015 a successor to the Note 4 will be available with many improvements (though I can't imagine what can be done to improve the Note Platform). My Note 3 is another Samsung GEM!!We had a Verizon upgrade coming to us, so I was looking for a all-in-one device for my husband. He just wanted a phone and tablet. I saw a friend with this Note 3 and knew he would love it! He checked it out in the store and excited about everything but the price! Just as we got our upgrade the Note 3 went to $1! I grabbed it! He loves it! The screen is big enough for reading, the phablet is small enough to Palm! He only has 1 device to keep track of! He doesn't want a tablet at all now! The Note 3 runs on the same Android 4.4 as Note 4 and if you sign in with Samsung they upgrade you to 5.0! Between the Note 3 and 4 there really isn't a lot of difference, so we went for price. I was going to get one too but the price went back to $100. I was concerned about the size, Note has a 5.7 screen, for me to hold on to with the kids in my arms. I got the Galaxy s5, with a 5.1 screen, it's only a little smaller and fits my life better! Samsung also upgraded s5 to 5.0! The pro and con on Note 3 is the size, 5.7 ins. It's prefect for some and to big for others. If you want a all-in-one go with the Note, if you want screen size but smaller phone go with s5! I highly recommend both!How many ways can I say I LOVE THIS PHONE!! I needed a new phone because my other Verizon phone was on its way out. I did not want to sign up for another two year contract nor did I want to "rent" a phone for the next two years. So while doing my research and asking around, I came to discover that this phone is capable of having the battery changed. Well, that was a great selling point since my previous phone was only lasting half a day without needing to be recharged. Unfortunately, many phones today cannot have their batteries replaced when they are getting older,that is why the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 was so appealing to me. In addition, I am no youngster and need a big screen to see and this phone is perfect for that. It feels great in my hands and so far I am really enjoying using it. It was a great choice!So far I LOVE it! Just got it a few days ago, but already easily adjusted to the screen size (which was my biggest concern). It's really only a little bigger than my old phone -- Droid Razr. They have a function that makes it easier to use with one hand if you like, but I find I can still reach around and do most things with a little stretch (I have small/average hands). The stylus is really AWESOME, especially that I can take notes in lecture and not have to worry about my hand making marks on the screen when I rest it (which was a huge problem with my ipad). With the stylus and the S note app (comes pre-installed), I can write in it as clear and naturally as in a paper notebook (huge bonus when it comes to storing notes, and wishing I had them to refer back to years later but didn't want to store those notebooks forever). No gripes yet, but I'm pretty vocal. If I come up with one, I'll post it! Oh, and HUGE tip from the verizon lady -- the old chargers WORK! The plug is totally different, and supposedly the included charger will charge it faster, but the older plugs actually fit and charge the phone! So happy I don't have to get all new accessories (car charger and more wall chargers for work and home). Recommend this one over the S4 -- does the same stuff, but bigger with a little more functionality (supposedly the processor is faster too).I switched from iPhone to this Android phone and love the bigger screen, the HD video & display, the camera is decent though not as good as I expected (pixelation and spotty, but does excellent video even in dark locations such as a night club), the dual video capture is fun to play with (2 screens in one video showing the person in the scene being recorded for example), it comes loaded with general apps, no games. However I've had problems with it on many google services such as Hangouts and Youtube sharing, many games and apps aren't supported on Android, the battery is quickly used up and it takes a couple hours to charge from zero to 100%. I've hardly used the pen, but I love the design for holding the pen inside the phone body, it is secure and never loosens so far. I don't like the design of having the off button opposite the volume button as it took forever to learn how to push one without pushing them both. Holding the phone on the bottom is awkward because of the menu buttons so it took some time to find a way to hold it. All in all I'd recommend it even to 1st time users of smart phones, it's very easy to set up and use, and for experienced users, to customize.First off, I bought this phone used from Cellular Trendz. There was an issue with the camera, but they were great and worked with me to get the part to fix the issue before a big event came up. I was replacing an LG G2 that I had, after many drops, finally killed and had no insurance on. I liked the G2, but I have to say, I love the Note 3. If I could have afforded the Note 4, I would have gone with that, but for my needs and budget, you really can't beat the Note 3. I love the size, which is so much easier on my eyes. I draw, so I do find the s pen really useful for doodling on the phone. I don't do any heavy gaming, so I've had no issues with lagging or memory. It does have bloatware that Samsung should really let you delete, but other than that, this phone knocks it out of the park, especially for a phone that isn't on the bleeding edge any more. Looking back, I really wish I'd originally gone with this phone instead of the G2.I would have to say that 90% of my computer usage is via my mobile phone now-a-days. And I constantly read tech news and keep up to speed on advancements in mobile computing. Only having my Note 2 for a year, I was in the market for a new phone because I decided to switch to Verizon. I was torn between the Note 3 and the HTC One Max. Most would say these are not fair comparisons because they are not in the same tier. But for me, the One Max was very enticing. I loved the idea of the front facing speakers, slightly larger screen, and better build. But what sold me was: replaceable battery, better GPU in the Snapdragon 800, and amazing AMOLED screen. I'm partial to the screen due to the deep blacks and infinite contrast. What has surprised me about the phone is the new quick charge 2.0 feature in the SD800. It charges extremely fast.I was really excited to get this phone - my old one was really doggin it. My husband had gotten one earlier and really likes his. After having it for about a month, one day red started showing on the screen and then got really bad. Verizon said that it was cracked. It was never dropped or mistreated. He replaced it and we thought it was just an unusual occurrance. Well, the second day after I bought mine I was squeezing the sides as I pushed the buttons to raise the volume and suddenly noticed that it had cracks across the screen. Then the screen went black. I hadn't even had the thing three whole days. I started reading of other people having problems with the screen cracking and having to replace this screen multiple times. So I immediately returned this and will not be getting this model.I decided to wait utnil I reviewed this phone. We ordered four of these for our family and we have had them for five months now. One of the phone had to be replaced after we got it because it would not hold a charge, so we got a replacement for that one. Now after five months all four phones are having charging problems. My wife's phone will not charge anymore, no matter what cord we use. All other phones you have to jiggle the cord and have it placed in certain way to charge and then it takes way too long to charge. This is an obvious manufacture defect. One phone I can understand, but four phones or actually five if you count the one that was replaced. That is unnaceptable and poor quality control and design on Samsung's part. This will be the last Samsung phone we buy. It's unfortunate as the phone has great features but it does no good if you can't charge the phones properly. So beware, you could have battery, charging problems after a few months.All right here is an honest review about the note 3. It's something that I will approach from the perspective of someone in the Medical field, who needs to get things done quickly, and efficiently. First of all, I received my phone on October 10th, and I had pre-ordered it but DID NOT pay 299. Well initially I did, but there is a promo code of VERIZON30 that drops the note 3 down to 209.99. I bought the Note 3 for myself and the LG G2 for my wife. Needless to say, at the price of 139.99 for the G2 and 209.99 for the Note 3, we returned the G2 for the note 3 despite the G2's incredible low light camera performance. Here is why. Backstory: prior to buying the note 3 I have had the Droid Razr Maxx, which for its time was a great device. Now that apps are becoming more memory intensive, something needed to change. I needed a phone that wouldn't lag on me, and I really don't care about gimmicks such as scrolling while looking up or down, or pausing a video if I look away. Who really cares about that stuff? If I want to pause, I tap on the screen, which is less time consuming that looking away and ensuring my phone has paused playing a video. In addition, I really don't want that front facing camera on unless I am using it. Also, I was always reluctant to buy a Samsung phone because of the plastic build, but you know I always keep my phone in a safe case. I will talk about this a little later. Now, right before I let go of my razr maxx, I briefly upgraded to the note 2 for 2 days. I chose the note 2 because I was in best buy and was comparing the HTC ONE which best buy had on sale for $50 and all of a sudden I decided to listen to the note 2's speaker. I was blown away in comparison to the razr maxx, but blown away which how much more I got in comparison to the HTC one. We are all going to large screens now, and frankly who the heck wants to hold the phone closer to their face? I certainly don't so I upgraded to the note 2. I really did not fall in love with it until the day I was sitting in my senior human cadaver anatomy course, and realized I had forgotten my Anatomy atlas and my notebook. I frantically searched the note 2 and found an app called S Note. I opened S note and began using it. I was blow away, there are blood vessels that are large and really thing, and I used to be able to only differentiate that on paper. Not this time, with the note 2 I was able to use the thin and thick lines as differentiators thanks to the S-pen. I then made my decision that I would return the note 2 and wait for the note 3 because of the larger screen, and faster processor. In addition, I had a memory intensive Anatomy app running on the note 2 that smoothly ran it, when my HP touchpad running android decided to begin hiccupping. Now with all that said, this is why I feel the note 3 is the best choice on the market. First of all, if your going to purchase a phone that you are spending your hard earned money on it, it should be in the most secure and safest cases. It's an investment, that when 2 years later you sell back, you can almost pay for your new device. Second of all, we will ALL drop our phones at SOME POINT, and its important to protect them. I purchased the Spigen Bounce case despite it being slightly ugly; I got the gray one because Incipio NGP tpu cases are NOT yet available for this phone. That case kept my razr maxx in like new condition. Now, I really protect my phone because I have my entire life on it, my class schedule, my hospital schedule, my family schedule, my kids doctors appointments, my appointments, my tests etc. EVERYTHING. So I needed a phone that was behind me 100% and never let me down. It has been the case with the note 3. I have customized it and it still hasn't hiccupped yet. Now the actual review: Screen & Productivity: The large display is fantastic. It is large enough to hold a full month calendar on one home screen and 3 days on another. I absolutely love the vivid screen because my anatomy apps, as well as using it to take notes is an absolute breeze. My only recommendation is to add many pages before you begin in lecture or whatever you want to take notes in. There are many times where I find inspirational quotes on Facebook (FB) and wish I could save them and tag them to share not via FB but text messages etc. Scrap book has allowed me to do just that, I can share inspirational quotes and pictures with anyone and it's a breeze to look them up by placing my OWN PERSONAL tags for each photo. I hold the menu button, type inspiration and BAM; I have all my things that are tagged inspirational. Sometimes I also need a list of diagnostic medical conditions, and it's easy to quickly create a scrapbook memo or create a flow chart in S-note. Etc. In fact the other day, I was talking to Verizon and needed to write down the conformational code etc. for my second note 3, and you know what I did? I was on the dialer page, pulled out the S-pen and circled the page, then I notated it with all the information, it contains the date, the time, and all the information I need to have in case something went awry. I absolutely love this feature and it is very important. Another feature I love is that when I am on YouTube, I can load HD very quickly, the LG g2 did a good job in this too, but the razr maxx despite being an LTE phone did not handle this very well. Another thing I really love on this phone straight out of the gate is that it tells me how many text messages I have (like an unread count). Its something I like, it also has many accounts built right in, such as amazon, Facebook etc. I was able to disable most of the bloat ware by going to manage applications and clicking disable in some of the pre-loaded Verizon apps. The IR blaster is great, I've already started using it on all my TV's however, it wont turn the volume up on my LG TV but do every else. In addition, I am able to have in memory which room has which TV and so when I switch rooms, I also switch rooms on my phone, which allows me to use it as a remote. Great when you have to hide the remote from your little ones. Battery Life: Used it for an entire day hardcore, and its still at 31% at the end of the day after about 6 am to 1 am usage. UPDATE 10.23.13- see the attached screen shot of battery usage. I was pretty impressed. I do know for a fact though that S- health eats battery life like crazy. Also I LOVE the speaker placement on the bottom of the phone, because it's just smart. When I hold my phone, it cups around the speaker channeling the sound directly to me, and not the entire audience behind my phone. Smart. People have complained about the flip board app, but keep in mind, this is android and not IOS. We have choices here. Download an app called home 2 shortcut and it allowed me to configure double tapping the home button to start Google now rather than anything else. Its fantastic and a great use of android capabilities. (I will update more here) The S-pen I received was faulty with my phone, and so Verizon sent me a brand new one for free. Not taking off stars for that, during the pre-order stage stuff like that happens every once in a while. The Spen was completely usable I just had to add a little extra pressure. But no worries, it's taken care of and all is well. The power button has a slight lag when you just tap it to turn on the screen; if you give it a robust tap it comes on quicker. It is quickest to turn on the screen using the home button when it's sleeping. It kind of irritates me that it is that way. NOTE 10.23.13 It maybe quicker to use the HOME button to do the same thing. I wish Samsung allowed customization of the LED colors for the types of notifications. Note 10.23.13 Re: reception issues- I know people have complained about reception issues, but truly I haven't had many. Just a couple here and there. I think the reality is that the Note 3 is SLOW at switching networks etc. So rather than wait, I have just downloaded a refresh network app, which does what I need in less than 15 seconds and gives me a fresh connection. I don't see it as much of an inconvenience especially because the many positives of this device outweigh this one negative. I haven't had no reception anywhere. Tethering by the has been pretty amazingly fast with this phone, and it DOES NOT GET HOT!!!! I love that! My razr maxx used to be a meteorite when it was tethering. More to come. UPDATE 12.13.13 I apologize it has been a while to update. I absolutely still love this phone, and I wouldnt change much about my review. I will say that I have experience reception issues but they are SOOO SELDOM, I believe ive refreshed the network about 4-5 times since I have wrote the initial review and now. Ive been informed that there IS an app that allows you to customize the colors of the LED to what you want. Excellent, so thats definitely a negative taken away. I had been using my phone with a Spigen screen protector and initially I liked it, but now with using the S-pen and it aging I really am beginning to dislike that screen protector. I have just ordered a tempered glass screen protector and will update later about that. ONE thing I have learned is to save EVERYTHING from action memo to Scrapbook or S-Note if you want to hold onto it in case your phone needs to be reset. I had to reset my phone once, but it was due to the FoxFi app and it causing certificate issues. Once I reset it it fixed it. Another note, the Spigen case protector I was talking about, it is great, however I have found that the squared edges make it uncomfortable for my hand to hold, when I remove the case I can handle the phone pretty easily with one hand (even though I have hands on the smaller side). So I have ordered a case that has rounded edges rather than squared edges. Whatever you do, do NOT get a metal case for your phone because it will reduce your signal quality. Other than that the phone has been running great, and I will update it again soon!I loved all the specs on this phone when I was doing my research. For the most part it seemed that the phone was pretty solid for performance based on everything I was reading. My primary concern going in was the issue that I kept seeing appear regarding the call quality. I finally pulled the trigger when I saw that there was a fix for that issue. I have had the phone for over a month now and I can report that I have had no issues with any aspect of the phone. Call quality has been great. I have had no problems with running any apps and even multiple apps at a time, it does not lag. The battery life is the best of any phone I have ever owned. Even better than the extended battery I had for my previous phone. I can typically go at least 2 days on a charge. I consider myself to be an average user of the phone. On a typical day I will run several apps, send and receive multiple texts, do some surfing and make several phone calls. The size of the phone may be the sticking point for some people. I was a little hesitant in this respect also at first, but I can say that I got used to the size in a very short time and now can't imagine myself with a smaller phone. I love it. I think this phone was a great purchase and am not disappointed in it at all.Great phone. Have had it over a month now and am extremely pleased with the Note 3. I had the Samsung Galaxy S III and was 2 yrs old. Was time to upgrade. The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 has a solid reputation and rather than wait for the Note 4 with no track record I opted for the Note 3. Glad I did. Only one caveat I have found is do not buy a protective case that has a magnetic closure tab because that can interfere with the note hand writing function. Have had no issues getting used to thise phablet sized phone. In fact I find I'm preferring it because the screen is larger, makes texting much easier. Camera is surprisingly good for indoor photos but finding it's not as great for brightly lit scenes such as taking shots of landscapes using auto. Better off using the manual settings for that.The Note 3 is a great rendition of the Android operating system; it's only shortcomings are really from the OS, not the hardware.Physically, it doesn't feel as big as its size, compared to other phones on the market, and Samsung has added some of their own tweaks to make the size even less of an issue - my biggest complaint is that too many of the apps, and the interface itself, simply make everything bigger on the big screen, rather than taking advantage of the size to include more usable content ... there's no reason why a screen this size still only has 4 columns of app icons! But there are other front-ends available that remedy that situation, making the Note 3 an even better tool. The phone works well, but its interface is just about the worst I've seen; again, it's an OS issue, and Android needs to 'borrow' some ideas from HP's excellent-but-defunct WebOS. Connectivity has been excellent, both 4G and Wi-Fi; the 13MP camera is outstanding, the S-Pen makes editing, sketching and note-taking a breeze.Love, love love! So you would have to want a big phone. I carry a purse so it doesn't bother me at all. I love the huge screen. I actually watch shows on & it's comfortable it doesn't really feel like it's a phone. I mainly upgraded from the NoteII for the camera which I use everyday to capture kids/moments. For that alone it is a big improvement (8mb to 13mb + a bunch more modes & controls). There are voice commands & New S pen capabilities. So it is worth it for me because I use all of them a lot. If you are torn between the note 2 or note 3 I would go with the 3. You will have for 2 years & the technology is worth it. Oh internal memory is 32 gb too! Nice for all the photos & videos you will capture! It is a really fast overall great phone! I can't imagine anyone not liking all the great features!Like other good quality smart phones, this phone is well made and has great performance. There for, it is better to write about features this p hone has and others don't. The size of the screen and quality or clarity it has kept me away from my computer. I basically do almost everything with this phone. What separates it from other phones is the ability to take notes using the included S Pen with ease. You can actually write down something on the notepad and let you link it to something else. For example, you can write down someone's phone and click on it to initiate the dial keypad. Or write a website or physical address and click on that to bring up a browser or a Google map to navigate. Basically there is no other phone that competes with galaxy note 3 in this regard. With the auto correction feature when typing something, it is difficult to have typos in what you are writing. The thing that follows your eye when reading to help you scroll works but not sure how to make it do that on purpose. It just does it every now and then. When reading small prints, you can hover over the content with a finger and it magnifies the content. A lot of cool features I have yet to figure out. The battery life is great. It has a good size battery that lasts more than a day with normal use. YouTube and use of Pandora may require you to charge or plug it for a few minutes.After several months of using the phone, I've decided to make my review. First off, I noticed the orientation sensor was not working correctly. The camera is stuck in landscape, so I have to manually rotate pics on edit before sharing them. I recently had to do a factory reset because I woke up one day and the time on the phone was off by 1 hour and 8 minutes.......it was very strange. I tried everything I could think of before deciding a reset was necessary. In the process now of getting everything back to way I had it before. Eliminating some apps that might have caused the problem. Also, after a reset at time I received phone and this recent one, the orientation is still not working. I have checked numerous sites looking for answers to this issue with no workable solutions. Any help in this area would be appreciated. Outside of these issues the phone is exactly what I wanted when I ordered it.Purchased this for my mom since she loves the giant screen and has a hard time reading small font. However, IMO, between the screen and battery life, that's all I like about this phone. I hate Samsung's bloatware, joke of a UI, and their build construction. Coming from several years of using Apple products and now the new HTC One M8, the Samsung phones feel like children toys. To be fair, there are some intuitive features about the Note 3 (use of stylus) but I just can't stand how much bloatware is on this thing. If it were my phone, I would have returned it already. But since I've had to help teach my mom how to use this thing, well, maybe the UI is better off for someone like her. The smartphone is fully functional in it's condition, but if you are like me and want a pure android feel, stay clear from this phone.This is a horrible phone. It was really slow and the battery wouldnt keep charge. They sent me the wrong charger so I had to buy one separately. It would be 100% charged and within an hour it would be on 15% and light up and tell me to connect my charger. I have kids and a job. I need a phone that actually works. I am returning this today. I regret buying it.Replaces my old one which died. Way cheaper than the new Samsung S7 edge which I also purchased and just as functional. I will use it as backup if the S7 breaks. The devices are so sophisticated that I can easily get by with a device a couple of years out of date now. I really don't need much higher than full HD resolution and the micro SD slot takes just as much memory 128 GB as the S7. Plus I already had extra batteries and charger from the old one. I have to be really careful not to damage the S7 battery by over discharging, the note 3, I just get a new $20 or less battery.I bought as a gift for my wife who absolutely loves this phone. Given that her eyesight is poor she really appreciated the large screen. I was surprised but she actually uses the stylus quite a bit. I find that ever since she got the phone she is much more responsive to emails as well. This was also surprising because she has been against transitioning to a touch screen keypad. In many ways this phone really bridges the gap for her between a phone and a tablet. Whereas she would use her Nook for internet browsing, gaming and other activities, she now does all of that on the Note and really only uses her Nook for reading. For years she's been telling me she had "the lesser phone" (I have the iPhone). I haven't heard that ever since she started using this phone.One of the best android phones out there. It only takes about a half hour to charge and takes almost two days to be completely dead. Atleast, that is how it is for me. I have had this phone for about four years. Jumping from phone service carrier to other phone service carriers and I still enjoy it. Even though I had repurchased it again when switching to a different phone service provider because I loved it so much. If your looking for an electronic, easy access hand notebook with a efficient camera and a strong battery, this is a great phone choice for you.Everyone at work laughs at me when I "answer my laptop". I don't care...this phone is terrific and I'm looking forward to implementing this tool into my daily routines at home and work. I'll try to update this review as I uncover more positives and any negative experiences. It was quite nice to get this from Amazon at a price that the Verizon store couldn't match. The staff looked at me strangely when I showed them my Amazon cart showing the unit selling at $199. Getting the phone online was ridiculously easy. Charge the battery, call my number from another phone and press a key.....phone activitation occurs. Turned the Note 3 on and all was good to go. Keeping it simple is ALWAYS the best way to go!I'm an Android (and Samsung) fan....and this phone just validated that for me!! Call quality was improved from my Nexus Prime. Battery life is better. The screen is beautiful. The s-pen is nifty to use. I was daunted by the size initially, but i didn't notice it after a few days of use. A good cover to help your grip is definitely beneficial. Now, other phones tend to look comically small...funny how you adjust to it. Also, watching how-to/tip videos helped me quickly learn how to best use the device. This is my favorite phone in 15+ years....highly recommended (if the features appeal to your preferences, that is).A fan of the Motorola Droids I was little leery to make a change. I first tried the newer Galaxy S5. It was pretty much all plastic and felt cheap, so I decided to try the Note. I did a lot of research and the Note 4 for the price wasn't really worth the $299 especially with the Note 3 at $99 for almost the same specs (NOW ONLY $1). Beautiful Display Extremely Responsive Intuitive Metal Bezel feels sturdy, gives a little heft, but the phone is in no way heavy Even better with Go Launcher I've barely used my tablet, because the screen is so clear and just big enough to do anything I want. Many more features made me fall in love with the Note 3.This is by far the best phone on the planet. I replaced my Samsung Galaxy Nexus with this phone. The improvements are so vast it would take me all day to explain them. And since I don't get paid for my reviews, I'll just say this. If you want a really good smart phone, with a screen just slightly smaller than a tablet, that can do just about anything you can imagine, then this would be the phone for you.. But get it from Amazon.. You'll get a better deal....Verizon wanted the same money for only the 16 Gig version. . Also as a side note, Samsung makes a Smart watch that goes with this bad boy. Totally incredible technology...I am so glad I waited for this phone instead of jumping onto the S4. The display is phenomenal, the S Pen is an awesome tool. I held onto my Droid Bionic for longer than I wanted to, because I just wasn't that excited about the phones that were available. Having the unlimited data from VZW still, I knew I'd be paying retail price to keep my data plan and wanted to make sure I waited for the right phone. Samsung did a great job, and I personally am glad they did not jump the screen up to 6 inches for the Note 3. The display size is perfect, but any larger would be too big for a phone. I waited to see how HTC's One Max would turn out. I liked it's aluminum build, but for me, it just didn't have enough to challenge the Note 3. Thus, I went with my first Samsung phone. It's fast, feature loaded, and I have a lot of fun with it. Best of all, Amazon price matched the phone to Verizon's website price, so I saved $100 and was able to use an Amazon.com gift card I had saved. Very glad I made this purchase with Amazon.I bought this phone once I saw that you can link up with Verizon through Amazon to do your upgrade. I loved this phone when I first got it and almost two years later I still love it so much. With how often I abuse this phone by randomly dropping it and whatnot, it's a very durable and trustworthy phone. When I upgrade again, I'd love to go through Amazon/Verizon again to get the newest version of the Note.Love this phone, it is absolutely great. The stylus is a godsend for writing quick notes, and has a bad ass battery life. Works for 2 plus days and I drive through a buncha low signal areas. The screen size is awesome, and gives me tons of room to view emails and websites, I can even run two side by side and read them easily. The size is not an issue as I'm a pretty big guy with big hands, but even my girlfriend (5'4") has one and loves her screen too. She uses her stylus to type instead of her fingers mostly. Highly recommend this phone!I loved my husband's phone, which was the exact same model, but the one I received via Amazon is leaving me unimpressed. I can hold it side by side with my husband's phone - his picks up the Verizon signal just fine while mine gets nothing. Same provider, same settings, same phone, same location - nothing. It seemed to work fine when Verizon first set it up for me and will ocasionally pick up a weak signal. I lowered my rating after I read reviews from others that have experienced the same problem after installing the prompted system updates. Now I have no hope that it will get any better.I am so happy with this phone. Upgraded from a RAZR for the larger screen. I have to say, I am impressed with Amazon - they sent a separate email with activation instructions / phone # which took maybe 2 minutes, immediate activation ! I am amazed with the capabilities of this phone - the clarity of the screen is fantastic. I live in a rural area and the reception is the same as my old phone. I inserted my previous SD card and I am able to access everything. It shipped with the 4.3 Android OS. Love it ! Thanks Amazon !I was really worried about how big this phone was. I was coming from a Google Nexus 4. The note3 is awesome. The big screen makes things really easy to read and makes the multitasking/multiwindow feature really easy to use. The stylus is accurate and the preinstalled sketchpad app by autodesk is pretty awesome! It stays in my pocket well enough because it is so big. I never worry about it falling out. Still getting a case though. Graphics, processing power, storage all more enough. Plus, it accepts SD cards. Wonderful phone, can't see wanting to get rid of this one any time soon.Broken charging port, otherwise in perfect shape EDIT 5/1/18 - Still won't charge via cable or transfer data even after a reset. Bought a wireless charger in the meantime and ordered a new battery. If that doesn't fix it I will be forced to return it. Such a shame considering it was in great condition and I'll end up wasting my screen protector!I switched from a Samsung Galaxy 5 to a Galaxy Note 3 after having my previous phone stolen - good times. I didn't want to pay much for my stupidity. But if I had to do it again, I would have opted for the Note 4 because of the camera lens, processing speed, and application quality despite the additional costs. I love the on-screen writing and use it all the time to avoid the other text entry. I get a lot of "Oh my God that's huge!" when I take the phone out but I also like the larger screen so I don't have to stress my eyes. I will adopt the Note 4 or the Note 5 if it exists the next time I renew my contract. Very nice phone!This is an excellent phone. I could sit here and go through all the specs on the phone highlighting how it excels in almost every single one of them but I'm not going to do that. I will tell you the phone is by far and away my tops of all time owning them. I know the Note 4 just dropped as well as Google's new Nexus, but if you are looking for a better value price wise this is an excellent option.Absolutely the greatest phone on the market. Puts the iphone to shame. My son played with it for 30 minutes and within a week got rid of his iphone and got one of these. The crystal clear HD display is unbelievable. The S pen with the S Note App is so easy to use and recognizes my awful handwriting flawlessly with NO lag. Write a name and a phone #, touch contacts and it's there instantly in your contact list. The 13 MP camera is great. The Smart Touch lets me transfer photos to my wife's phone instantly by just touching the devices together. The battery life is one of the most impressive features and IS as good or better than the specifications claim.You can't go wrong here. Get one and you'll be glad you did !!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's going to be a while before I learn how to use everything this phone can do but it's still quite useable without any training at all. It's just that it can do a whole lot more. I love the size of it. Getting on the Internet isn't an exercise in frustration with this phone. You can actually read your emails and browse the web without eye strain. This phone will definitely take me through at least the next 2 years of my contract.Works perfectly, really clear screen, (best Samsung model phone ever), only problem, the replacement bezel used in this refurbishment is even cheaper than original Samsung one, silver paint chips off even when in protective case.As of right now it's more of a paper weight. Not able to use at all with out SIM card... Bought for prepaid phone.... Looked at online was under the impression could switch it over from my galaxy 3 Best value for price has under skirt to hide the goodshitch has no SIM card...I'm a long time smartphone owner. I've had the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 for only a few weeks but I'm so glad that I purchased it. It does as much to meet my needs as any TABLET & it is a PHONE also. I've heard some complaints about its size, but for me that is an asset that enables me ,with my senior citizen eyesight, to be able to address all of the features built into the unit as well as maximize all of the features offered in the installed software.I went from an old flip phone to this and although I still don't know everything it does (need to take a class!) I just love it. Really love the "note" taking capacity with the stylus - and being able to draw a diagram on occasion is really a plus... and then print to my printer via bluetooth! So much fun, but it's made me a lot more efficient. And the size - it's like having large print everything! Perfect for people who can never find their readers.I like the big screen and so many smart features. I've owned iPhone for about 4 years and I got tired of its small screen. Even some of the apps on it are better that of iPhone. I also like how you can type and correct at the middle of a word which iPhone does not allow. Also this phone is faster. Oh, one important thing that I almost forgot is that you don't need to go through any program like iTune to upload music and photos. You can download directly from computer to the phone. This phone is easier to use than I thought. I like it very much!I couldn't have found a better price anywhere. At first, I feared that I was going to get a refurbished phone or a phone that had been slightly used and returned. But I could tell, it was brand-spanking new. Everything worked beautifully, and I haven't had a single problem with it. It was shipped overnight free of charge, and it was packaged very nicely and safe. I get a signal where my friends and family members don't get one. They have asked to use my phone when we've been buried deep within buildings and/or basements.Good size for long fingers. Extremely light and thin (until the case, that is). Great screen, although washout is still a problem in the sunlight. Very nice photos. Strange tendency to fail to get phone signal after I leave my company wifi (reboot fixes this). Call quality is ok, but speakerphone is quite clear. Like that speaker is on bottom, rather than back. Decent, but not exceptional, battery life.Bought this for my wife who finally escaped from AT&T and moved to a family plan on Verizon with me. She loves it. Maybe not as much as I love mine, but a lot. As far as I'm concerned, this is the best smart phone ever made. Period. Small enough to fit in a front shirt pocket but big enough for reading a Kindle ebook (using the app). I've even signed papers for the FAA using the stylus and sent them off. Just an amazing device!Everything was good even though it was a used phone. The phone was working perfectly fine until today. I only had the phone for a week and the phone completely blacked out. I have never dropped the phone and just simply put it inside my backpack and when i took it out to check the time the screen was completely blacked out on the inside and the outside looked fine with no scratches. DEFINITELY WOULDNT RECOMMOND TO BUYI just received my Note 3 today and it is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!!! Its a lot to get use to but I'm up for the task. I am using Youtube to check out some hidden tricks that I am unaware of. I gave 4 stars because the package came without my earpiece. The colors and the size of the phone is amazing. I switched from the Samsung Droid which drained the battery in 30 minutes. The sound from the speaker is crisp and clear. After holding the phone for a few hours it doesn't seem as big. I will check in again after using for a few months.Coming from Samsung Galaxy S3, this was a decent jump. Fits perfect in my hands -- I have been using this phone for several weeks now, it is probably the best smartphone in my opinion as of writing this review. I do dislike the crap-ware built in by Verizon, cannot get rid if it unless one roots the phone. Battery lasts at least 2 days on moderate use.I bought this phone used because verizon was being ridiculous. I love it. It was listed as used. It only had like one tiny dent, it looks basically new. The phone works well, it was cleared off all I had to do was insert my SD card. It came with a battery and a charger. It is quite good for the price, hundreds less than new from verizon but works amazing! I've had it well over a month and no problems yet. It also came with the s-pen for the phone.I love my Note 3! It does everything well. I have a new Tab 3 and still prefer to use my phone for most tasks I could do on the tablet. Many people say its too big, but I disagree. I plan to upgrade to the next model when its available.As an android enthusiast first having a Droid X, then Galaxy Nexus, then that broke and went back to a Droid X2. I also was an avid custom ROM user. This phone is amazing, just perfect. Final Thoughts: LOVE IT, best phone yet. See below for more detailed thoughts. Pros: Blazing fast. With the 3GB RAM and Quad core processor you will NEVER run out of resources. LTE is blazing fast, seems to turn on faster than Huge screen with gorilla glass 3 (you wouldn't believe the difference even from galaxy nexus with it's "scratch resistant" glass). 1080p resolution (enough said). Very long lasting battery. With that 5.7inch screen you better believe it will suck down power. The battery delivers. You can root it, it's a pain but it's doable. Camera is really nice. Custom built in camera and gallery apps are not as good as stock but still pretty good. USB 3.0 - They barely brag about this! The USB 3.0 chord and charger that comes with the phone is amazing. The phone will charge from 0-100 in like 40 minutes with the USB 3 cable. Transferring files is extremely fast with the USB 3 cable (must have a USB 3 port which most new laptops and motherboards have). USB 2 cables and chargers still work with it, the charge is just a little slower. Don't freak out when you see the new male portion of the USB cable, it's not proprietary, it's USB 3 and it is still backwards compatible (the right side of the USB 3 cable is the same as just USB 2). Cons: The bootloader is locked so I can't load custom ROMs. The bloatware is annoying but it's to be expected. NFC doesn't work with Google Wallet even rooted- Annoying, but I think then are working on it. From what I understand it's a hardware thing where the new NFC format isn't compatible. S Pen is useless for me. Waste of space in the handset. I'm sure it's useful for some. It's good for defacing pictures of people that you take. Final Thoughts: LOVE IT, best phone yet. I'll be glad to answer any questions.The phone is way better than I dared hope for! Several local sellers in the Tampa Bay Area handle this style of phone but I loved Amazon's 30-day back promise, and felt much safer ordering through Amazon. And all this time I have spent looking for a replacement for my Samsung Note 2 I never once thought of Amazon! You guys rock!One of my best buys. I am a person who does not run to purchase a new trendy item. I had held on to my old cell phone for many years and this year I decided to purchase a smartphone that could replace several gadgets (Palm, MP3 player, eReader, etc..) This smartphone does that and more. I also like the size of this phone, it is large enough to enjoy without being too big or too little.This phone is defective. I can not receive calls, make calls, I can not send text messages. It freezes up & I can not open any page. I receive calls & then it hangs up. I call the person back & they all say they never called me. While typing it freezes up & won't move, then it types 4-5 of the same letters. Many more issues.Purchased May 20. See QUOTE from web site for this phone under technical details:"Running the Android 4.4 (KitKat) operating system, This phone is locked to the Verizon Network Carrier. *SIM Card not included.What this means is that if you want ROOT, forget it. it wont happen.Also upgraded from a Note 2 and 4G LTE is MUCH better with Note 2.. for example at the SAME location, the Note 2 shows -95 dBm the Note 3 shows -115 dBm. On both both phones When you go below -120 dBm, data link reverts to 3g (or even worse 2g or on the Note 3 can show 1xRTT ie. 1G)I thought the phone may be to large for me but is just about right. I had the Samsung galaxy s4 and I was able to work it with one hand easily but the Note 3 took a little more effort to get used to. It has an option to change the layout of things for one handed use and that's good. The display is awesome! The battery life is excellent. It still fits it my pocket too. I like it and would recommend it.Great phone for the money. Even today, I see people selling this phone for much more on craigslist / Facebook. My phone came with nothing but a charger, no factory box or instructions. It is very large and hard to handle, especially while driving, but the screen is awesome. I love the exterior feel and finish. It is a shame to cover it up with a case, but with a phone this big, it will get dropped. Good deal and a good phone.Who needs a Note 4 and 5 when the original is the bomb diggity!! I love this phone and its S pen. It is user friendly, the screen is big and clear. its functionality is unparalleled. I love this phone, I cant imagine what it is missing or what has been upgraded in the newer models. VEry satisfied with this purchase.Have had phone for abt a month now. BATTERY IS CRAP! Wont stay charged AND TAKES FOREVER TO GET A CHARGE. HAVE BOT BEEN CONTACTED TO RETURN OR REPLACE. DO NOT BUY THIS SELLER.This is a Great phone. I have owned the Note 2 from Sprint. It was a good phone too, but Sprint service was terrible at home and work. I upgraded to the Note 3 with Verizon and can not be happier. Great phone from Samsung and Great service with Verizon. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone. You can't go wrong with this phone.I love this phone my wife can attest to me being hard to be satisfied with phone. For the 1st week I said everyday "did I tell you I love this phone today?" My only word of advice is to be home when it is delivered and be the one to open it so your 20 year old son doesn't open it while being helpful and break your stylus before you get home. In his defence he immediately ordered a new one for me.Great phone. was skeptical at first because it's an older model. I am glad I bought it. I have both note 4 and note 3 and this is still a great phone at a bargain price.I brought one for my brother for Christmas and it was so well liked by him when my husband's phone broke i brought him this phone to replace his and then my daughter wanted one. These phones are a tablet and phone wrapped up in one. They are useful and functional and work well to house everything from important documents to games and music.I got this as an upgrade for my wife and she truly loves it. Technology in general is not her cup of tea, however the interface and the vibrant screen helps make the transition a bit smoother. Here is a quick overview on the specs [...] Personally I'm using a Motorola Razr Maxx but when upgrade time comes up I will need to seriously consider this!Love this phone, can't complain. If you treat it right and turn off power-hungry settings and it won't die on you. Pen is magical. I take work notes on it, personal notes, grocery lists, and the screen is to die for. If you're on the fence, it's even slim (if you don't use a protector)The phone is large enough to see and it fits in my pocket or in a purse pocket. I like all the features. It takes wonderful pictures. I love the visiual voice mail. I took it on a bus trip to Savannah Ga and 5 peopel wanted one like it. I sent them a copy of the ad in Amazon. I am still amazed that I was able to purchase the phones at that price. The stylus pen is great and if you start to walk away it beeps. How cool is that!This handset not only met my expectations but exceeded them. Samsung has really, really upped their game since last I expweienced their smartphones. I never likes the way they handled MMS especially. Now, this is as seemless as SMS, the group messaging has improved to the point of not nearly needing a separate app any longer and the multi-tasking features have thoroughly impressed me!Purchased this smart phone for the wife. She absolutely loves it. She says that the screen is very clear, it takes awesome pictures, and it's easy to see. She has a problem with the vision in her right eye, but because of the large display she can easily see the text and pictures.I love this phone...It's big but I that's what I wanted. I am a IT Administrator and this does everything I want and more. The multitasking is great, the HD screen is great, I really do not have any complaints about this phone. Battery last all day even with a lot of use. WARNING: uses large amounts of data when setting up and installing all your apps for the first time, If you have a small data plan make sure you are on WiFi.Pros: Fast, boat load of features, sturdy Cons: Spam! Google will shove about 10 apps down your throat, Samsung another 6 as well as verizon (not actual #'s estimated). Low speaker volume Dual window mode only works with a small amount of apps.Arrived on time, reasonable priceSilly me -- I was aware of the coming Verizon move away from 2G/3G service but did not anticipate they would not support the 4G Samsung Galagy Note 3. My loss is PrimePhaze's (the seller) gain.I'm never buying a phone off of amazon again. They said I couldn't buy a second phone afterwards to add to the account. That aside this phone is great. Only thing i'm not fond of is the outside bezel, the chrome chips quite easily. Also if you need to replace the screen, it requires pretty much the entire assembly to be replaced.Works perfectly! Just put in my Sim card and was good to go!!This is an excellent phone/tablet for the discriminating buyer. The picture is clear and vibrant and definitely large enough to see all tiny details, no matter which webpage you are on. I went from an iPhone to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and I am very glad that I made the change. Before the phone arrived, I feared that it may be a little too large for me but it definitely isn't. I would recommend this phone if you are looking for a great 4G LTE device with a decent screen size for webpage browsing and a great, high quality camera.Wow, I havn;t needed to root, unlock, and install roms at all yet. The stock rom is plenty fast enough for me and the battery life is amazing. I would typically get about one day from my S3 and I get about 2 days from the Note3.phone don't came with charger cableGreat features and great camera works wonderfully. I couldn't be happier with my phone love it highly recommend this product.Not what I hoped for. Samsung and Verizon did their best to cripple the features of Android phones that attracted me after Palm OS went away. Lunacy to block me from using my device as I want to. Hate to have to research ways to get around restrictions that shouldn't exist.I am coming from the Galaxy nexus, so not only is this phone larger, but also faster and has multi-tasking. The phone is easy to use and I have no complaints with it. The only complaint I have is with Verizon for not having an unlocked boot-loader and still has not upgraded to KitKat yet.Phone stopped working shortly after I had set it up. Screen remained black even though the back and navigation buttons turn on. Flashes white for less than a second whenever I attempt to restart it. Defective. Returning immediately.Best price for a phone with a new contract anywhere! This is my second time going through Amazon Wireless and though I had to be persistent with the carrier on bringing over old numbers to new account with the same carrier I was able to get it done, billing is correct and we are very happy. Nice upgrade from the Note 2.Light, sleek, bright, quick. The call quality is good - Better than my old droid max. Antenna seems to be good. I've had this phone for a few weeks and I can't find anything wrong with it. It will run down the battery if you are streaming for hours and playing with it constantly like it did when i first got it. I charge it every night and use it for both work and personal use.I went from and iPhone 5S to this huge Galaxy Note 3. The screen is so easy to see. Battery life is awesome. My ONLY complaint is the way it starts acting funny when the battery gets down to about 20% (which doesn't happen much). It doesn't respond as good if the battery gets to that low.Very good looking and solid phone. Almost like new. No issues in the first 4 months. Good price. I like it even more than the Note 2 that it replaced. The screen is slightly bigger than the Note 2 screen.This is the best android phone I've ever had! Love the large display, the pen feature is a real bonus! No more typing with one finger! I can write it out and the phone types it for me! A real time saver!It's a really great phone, but if you live in California watch out: you gonna have to pay the tax for the *full price* of the phone, not for the price you pay for Amazon Wireless. So the tax came out to ~$60 beginning of this year. Thank you California, that absolutely unreasonable.This phone doubles as a small compact "palm top computer," with available apps such as AutoCAD 360, Adobe .pdf, and more. Swore I would never give up my Casio Brigade cell phone after a bad 2011 smart phone experience, but the Samsung Note 3 changed my mind.Heavy duty!Concerned the product was sold as new and believe it is refurbished - only had couple months and already having issues, son mad at me - (yes he is an IT and works on these - he has a NOTE 4) feels it was misrepresented!Have been wanting to get this product for some time. Its everything that I need to do my job better. I don't regret buying an older model. I do regret not using my other samsung products more like my note pro 12.2 and note 8.0. Great product.Loving my pre own Samsung Galaxy Note 3. No problems for the last two month's. Had a few marks on the phone. Had to get a new battery here on Amazon since the one it came with was pretty dead.I've had this phone for a week and I love it. It's not too big for me. It fits in all of my pockets and it has a case on it. Beautiful display and great functionality! I don't even know a fraction of what this phone can do.It's a great phone. My only complaint is that the phone resets itself, phone back up won't work, and occasionally the lock screen will replace the numbers and alphabets with white square boxes.returned this as it doesnt work in my area with verizionwifi wire was broke, could not get it fixed so I had to buy a new phone from the cell companiesPerfect in every way. Could not imagine a better phone. Best phone on the planet to date. Pen is used often and very helpful especially for Web browsing.... Buy it !I chose Note3 cuz Note4 doesnt have USB3.0 cuz the pen and USB3.0 are the most thing that I care I think that it is pretty good deal but sometime I feel this phone is not really optimized well cuz I have lag and freezing frequently So at the end I returned all But for the price, it is a good dealGreat phone .... Great price. I have to admit I am still learning about it.. My previous phone was not nearly as sophisticated so theres a learning curve for me, but I'm having a blast. p.s.: The camera is awesome.I searched for a phone for a while. This is by far the best I've ever owned. The screen is vibrant and a great size to view everything from movies to games. The raw processing power is noticeable, screen to screen transitions are smooth. Heavy apps load and run flawlessly. The battery lasts for 2 or so days under moderate use; even being inside a structure that prevents 4g/3g signal. The phone is large but one handed operation is easy, it even comes built in. All in all I really have nothing negative to say, I'm completely satisfied. Great job Samsung!This product arrived as scheduled. It would not work for mobile data. Phone, GPS, and WiFi worked. I ended up using this as a remote for my TV since my Galaxy S7 doesn't have that capability. It is fine as a back-up GPS on my boat.What an incredible awesome piece of tech! Super fast, love the screen size. There has been some teasing from my work pals about the size though. It does take a short while to get used to the size of this phone, but I wouldn't trade it for any other on the market today.Great phone fast delivery Highly recommend. Bought for my wife. Nice display. What spoils the experience is Verizon wont live up to a promise made to me the same day. Waiving $80.00 in activation fees. CSR I spoke with never noted the account and they will not look at the call.Everything is just amazing. The camera is killer. The battery is killer. And the superAMOLED screen is simply amazing. Blows away all other phones. You don't know how good it is until you get it.Really nice size phone if you like them this big. Everything is working nicely so far. I had my phone activated at Verizon, who also transferred all of my data to the new phone. So far, so good!Fast and tons of memory. This came with 32Gb (compared with the 512Mb of my old Epic 4G) and a slot for another micrSD card. I added my old 32Gb one. Reserve several days to learn all the functions of this feature rich smartphone.Amazing cellphone. I'm very happy with it. All the details of this cell here is true, for me is the only and also can you use two applications simultaneously. I really like the battery is also durable. I recommend it.I'm very happy with my new phone. It came quickly and in excellent shape. No scratches on the screen. A little dent on the side. But I was made aware there might be wear and tear. It doesn't inhibit my use on the phone in anyway. The pen is also a cool feature and works great.Works as describedThe phone wasn't deactivated from previous owner. So I returned it and was promptly refunded. Otherwise. The phone would have been a good purchase.It was not funtional. Lost the money.the screen quality is second to none. This is the best phone i have ever used. the bigger screen allows you to do business like you are at a computer. I just ordered 2 more for family members from amazon. Amazon is the best place to purchase these phones as well.Great phone, perfect size. Easy to switch from iphone 4 to samsung and android even with some adjustment time. I'm always pleased to finally have a phone that's easy to read and often takes place of a tablet.After 6 days, 37% battery remaining; that's pretty amazing! My last phone (Droid Bionic) lasted two days max. Alright, I'm not a really heavy user. I check email a couple of times a day. I make 6-10 phone calls a day. I do some web browsing when away from my desktop computer and run a few apps. OTOH, I'm often connected to wifi (at home or away). Bluetooth is off right now, so that probably saves some juice. What I miss from the Droid was the availability of dedicated docks for car and desk. But it would overheat in the windshield dock, which I'm hoping won't happen with the Note 3. One other negative I've noticed is the placement of the power button opposite the volume rockers. I have to be careful to only press the power switch. I'm a 6' tall guy and the size of this is not a problem. I chose it as a way to have a single device rather than carry a tablet in addition to my phone. Carrying it in a pocket of a travel vest is no problem. I think it would be too large to carry on a belt. The camera seems to perform like a phone camera: OK in good light only. At a dimly-lit party with flash on produced smeared images due to excess in-device noise reduction. Love the size for browsing my calendar and email. Web browsing is better than on a phone, but not really competition for a tablet. Just getting accustomed to the S Pen and find it better than a conventional stylus. Have barely scratched the surface of the extra functions. Speaking of just scratching the surface, I find that I'm going to have to set aside time to partake of some tutorials in order to really get the most out of the Note 3. My first smart phone was a Blackberry six years ago, then I graduated to the Droid Bionic. The power of this phone -- plus features of Android 4.3 -- encourage me to learn to live up to what it can do. Since this is my only portable device, I went for a SanDisk Extreme 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-I memory card, which brings my total available storage close to 100 GB ... might as well be equipped to take maximum advantage of this beast.Absolutely love my phone. This puts any phone I have owned or used to shame. I will be upgrading to the note 4 instead of the iPhone 6 plus due to how much I loved my current phone. Display is the perfect size.it is a steep learning curve expecially for oldsters of diminishing capacity; but it is fun too. it is not very loud and I cannot really get the volume any higher no matter what I've tried.Was new really. Just 2 chips in the chrome. The rest brand newThis came right on time and made transfering over contacts easy. Perfect phone well constructed and bigger screen for my husbands tired eyes. He swears he will nevwr go back to iphones again.Loving this new phone! I can actually see the screen! Was a little worried bout buying a used phone but so far it's working well except for a freeze up every now and then, but not enough to be annoying. It's been a great phone so far!just a larger galaxy S4 that costs way more then it shouldNice phone right size for the many things i have to do on handThis phone is beautiful..features galore... Screen is stunning feels great in the hand and super fast.... Multi tasking is a dream... The only down fall I could see is the size for some ppl... Size is perfect for me thoughabsolutely love this phone - good price and great shipping - very happy with phone, and Amazon in general...would definately recommend both!!!My husband is very happy with this cellphone. The phone is super great, meets all specifications. My husband recommends it. What my husband does not like are the two year contract.Best smartphone yet. Love the larger size and pen feature. Very fast operating system and longest battery life i've had.I was a big concerned about the size, but since I'm not one who has a phone stuck to my ear while walking around in public I thought it was more important to have a phone I could actually read and type on. The first thing I did was watch some of the youtube videos on tips & tricks for the phone to get a better understanding of it and it's amazing what you can do with this phone. I'm a Realtor and this phone has now replaced my need to carry tablet with me in case I need signatures and or need to look up something onlline for a client - and they can see it!I absolutely love this phone, with it's giant screen and easy to read menus, and countless options for customizing apps and appearance. When I look at smaller phones now I just shake my head & laugh :)I have owned Motorola phones for the past 10 years. I dont know why I didnt switch to Samsung earlier. This monster has great battery life and limitless capabilities. Love this phone!Still learning how to use it honestly. It is leaps and bounds above my old LG Revolution. Fast, powerful, handles everything you throw at it, but probably won't handle a lot of "throwing" like the old Revolution could. More delicate. No Gorilla Glass. Great camera for video and pics. Also, biggest issue is not being able to tether phone to computer via USB to work on files. With so much storage available (I have a 64GB card in addition to the 32GB on board) I feel like its a waste and have to use Google Drive now...which sucks data up very quickly. Overall the phone is what I expected, other than the latter issue and I look forward to learning more about it.I received my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 it was noted as very good condition it was like mint I love it it's a beast of a phone worth every penny it's huge I will never upgrade from this phoneA few glitches.it worksI have had this phone for just about 1 month and am really enjoying this phone. Battery life is fantastic Interface is quick The multi-pane viewing is a great feature The S-pen hand writing is a nice break from thumb typing everything the only things i feel really didn't meet expectations was the eye scrolling and gestures but these are small pieces of an otherwise amazing product.I havent gotten the chance to activate it just yet, (waiting for my VSK to come in the mail.) But the phone itself is in almost perfect condition and its working perfectly. I love it. Update: I got my Verizon Sim Kit. It took me less than 15 minutes to activate and my phone is working PERFECTLY. I LOVE IT.excellent phone....takes a couple of weeks to get used to because of size....after that get ready to be wowed....love especially the included pen/stylus....if you're a former Palm freak like me you're in heaven (again)....sooo much better than an IPhone....priced very reasonable....excellent delivery and easy setup and sync for your old phone....Great phone unlimited capabilities specially when you expand it with the USB OTG that allows you to be able to do so much more. When I attach the USB OTG, I can expand my memory by using a regular usb thumb drive.If you are tired of an iPhone (which I'd imagine no one is... sad because the iPhone 4 to the 4S was a bigger leap from the 4S to any of the 5's . . . why? Steve Jobs. Sadly he is gone and apple will never be the same) get the GALAXY NOTE 3!!! Yes it does suck a little because you don't have seamless integration via other Mac products. Guess what? Who cares?! This is a far superior phone and I could go into specs but just read the reviews because I'm too lazy to write them. I had a 4s for two years, then got the 5s and was disappointed to them max!Fix the freakin' aspect ratio you fools. This is the third iPhone 5 and they still fell flat. Pathetic. Truly unacceptable. It's not even 16x9. Why? Yep, no Steve Jobs. This is rudimentary and Apple still doesn't get it. Unacceptable. So I got the Note 3. This baby will blow you away. And if you get a wallet case (Cellto wallet case is awesome) then it is not that bad at all to put up to your ear. It begins to not feel like a tablet (which is beneficial because this pretty much is a tablet too). Amazing Phone. Proud of Samsung for getting it together and delivering! And then some. Love the Pen as I am a filmmaker and just creative :) GET IT!!!! I realize most out there aren't tech save. So have fun with your iPhone. The Galaxy Note 3 combines both worlds. Technicality and user friendliness. Don't believe or don't care? Have fun with an inferior phone. And I love Apple. Always have had both PC and Mac computers. But innovation will never match what Steve Jobs did for Apple. He laid out the blueprints for multiple devices to the world to expand on. I guess Apple didn't get the memo. Clearly. They've reached their pinnacle and can only attempt to catch up to what was already handed to them. Again, pathetic. Disappointing. If you're serious in getting a great phone, buy the Note 3. If not, get whatever the hell you want. It will be inferior. Choose as you will. To each is our own.Love the size. I can carry it in a bag so pockets are not an issue. Threw an otter box on it for extra girth. The best part is the special stylus hidden in the phone!Just got this phone a month or so back and I really like it. I had a note 2, so it is not that much different, but a step up. :)This is an amazing phone. I love photography and I couldn't afford a camera that I wanted so I was looking for a smartphone with amazing pixels. This phone takes clear photos even zoomed all in or out, and beautiful video quality. A 5 star rating is a must. I will definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a smartphone. (I got it for 19.99 w/ 2yr)Excellent phone to match with my samsung tv,the screen is the best that iv seen out there,this phone is big,fat and long and my wife loves it and its true the bigger the better.Brings blows and dribbling in chrome but what I care about is the system, we will see that it continues to work in a few months.galaxy note 3 phone if u have a s4s5 or s6 why this phone is the bome u take a pic add it to ur calendar or copy ur work schedule and keep track of ur hrs for work.. with the pen when this phone was made they out did them self. best phone ever and will never chance phone again...This phone is awesome, never thought I would switch from my iphone but this phone has changed my mind. It works great on the pageplus service, I have no complaints.There is absolutely nothing that I don't love about this phone. I recommend it to literally everyone and tell them what a phenomenal deal I got on it through Amazon ' s Verizon upgrade offer!I am enjoying the Note 3. I'm getting to find out more about how to use it all the time. I still haven't figured out how to delete my email such that they also delete in my primary yahoo account. I'm still learning. Would recommend this device to anyone.This phone is great! Just a matter of getting used to its capabilities, overall no comparison to other phones in the market, even the iphones. The best phone out there, period.The phone was as promised. In very good condition, it functioned as it is supposed to. It came with a charger/ cord and stylus. Easy transfer of account etc.Awesome phone/tablet for those of us with older eyes. The multitasking / multi screen feature is a plus.Lasted me for quite a whileSo Far I have had this Note 3 for about a month. I use it with Straight Talk Service. Phone is like Brand New. Everything works great.I am really please with my new phone. I'm so glad I made the choice to purchase it. I can do everything that I normally do on my iPad right from my phone. This is my first galaxy so I am learning as I go. But I'm very pleased. Love the s pen!Keeps getting better and better!!A great phone. The stylus can be very useful when it's cold out.Good product never had issue withitem only lasted two months. when returned to Samsung we were told repair was not coveredI love this phone. I've loved every Galaxy phone that I've owned. I've had it a couple months now, and I haven't noticed any lag. This phone might not be for you, if you have small-sized hands. Fits well in my front pocket.Bought verizon phone new. Took it to verizon to get everything switched over from old phone. Found out it wasn't able to connect to internet. Very disappointed!Great Seller!!! Phone looked like it was brand new. Switched SIM card, up in running in 5 min.Best Phone/Tablet/Media devise i bought so far.Best decision I could have ever made plus the price was right. I honestly love my phone. What made my purchase so easy was the step by step instructions that were included and 2day shipping awesome.The WiFi on this phone will not stay connected. It will connect for a few minutes then kick out. Upset with this phonei love Samsung. I have owned all the galaxy tabs for years so of course I had to try the note3. Love it. Only wish I could have afforded the note4 at the time!Nothing more to say about this phone but "Love it". Most expensive and valuable phone since I ever had the phones! Hope Samsung add some more s-view functions.For a used phone, it looked good upon arrival. It has worked prefect ever since I got the phone activated.wonderfulGoodAbsolutely love this phone. Has a nice big screen and the keyboard is great. Takes great pictures. Easy to operate. Has numerous features.Samsung is the best Note 3 is the best Its not too big Get an Otterbox to protect Sign up for a class to learn all about itPhone doesn't pick up service in areas it should. Won't stay connected to wifi. Returned phone.The best phone / phablet in 2013/2014. Perfect for business and entertainment. Samsung doesn't disappoint. LOVE THE CAMERA. (smooth motion video 1080P). -Dr Max NguyenSuper fast shipping, great quality.Love this phone. Big and beautiful. Still fits in my shirt pocket. The screen is very sharp and the colors are so crisp.Awesome phone. Came packaged very secure easy setup. Wonderful experience. Couldn't have chosen a better phone. I am a Samsung faithful. ..I have had this phone for 1 week. I love it. It does take some time to get used to the size and find your way around all the features but it is worth it. It does everything I ask of it and it does it fast.This goes with me everywhere. I love the android OS and will not in the foreseeable future switch back to iOS.Great phone. Linked right up to verizon prepaidLove it!!! Much easier to deal with than going to the stores!!! Havent had any issues with the phoneI love my phone I am extremely happy with it it froze once but that was it other than that I haven't had any issues with it.Great phone. and buying through amazon was a breeze. I saved money ofer what i would have paid in Verizon's store.This is my first time buying a phone on amazon. I am in love with it and I got $80 off the price Verizon sold it for.They had to verify that I was indeed under contract with them and then I got my phone FOR THE DISCOUNTED RATE OF $219! The ONLY reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the charger! OMG it is faulty and will only charge in an upside down position..but if there is any movement it stops charging..it must be something within the charger itself like a loose wire..cause I use another charger and it charges fine. So other than that little snafu..I AM SUPER HAPPY WITH MY NOTE 3 :-)Flash not working and light blinks off and on when plugged to chargerPerfect condition. Very happy. I love my new phone. I definitely would buy from this seller again and will give recommendations.Good price and the wife loves it!Phone in working condition as stated but charger is brokenWe bought 2 used Note3 & neither one had any problems, flaws or scratches. They work great & the price was great! The Company promptly got them to us within 3 days. I would recommend this product and company to anyone.BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER HAD!phone was listed as stolen could not be turn on had to return to sellerYes it is rather large. Yes some people will not be able to get it into their pockets. But it is powerful and has a great HD screenToo many things to list. I love this phone.A few tiny quirks that samsung coulda make a little better, but very small making my rating absolutely excellent in whole! Really love the phone and the multiple of things that can be done with it.... more than I probly know of or will use. Highly recommended to anyone thinking about purchasing!Very happy with the phone which can do it all. Impressed with the look and feel of the phone. The phone is very large, but my son has large hands so its a good fit. Battery life is impressive. All in all we are very happy with the purchase.Excellent phone, recommended. Long battery life, high performance. Memory seems to be plenty and the phone runs pretty smooth at all times. Recommended to restart the phone every so often for better performance. I got the smart cover case and works wonders. Would suggest this phone.Dare I say, the best assistant available. Phone, calendar, schedule, note taker, presentation manager, research tool. Some things just can't be completed by typing, that's where this tool comes in. Simply the best phone there is.Quickly shipped, great productLove my note 3...the only problem I'm having is I cannot seem to sign on to my home network...no clue what the problem is.She Love it!Bigger is better. Got in this instead of the 4 due to the price. Only gripe is I'm not confident the silver around the phone will last. Still awesome.Wonderful phone. Enjoying it very muchLove the big screen and the speed. It replaced both my old Nexus phone and my Nexus 7 tablet. The Note 3 does all I need when on the go.Awsome thank you works like new .Everything looks great. It looks slightly used but the screen is perfect and the back is perfect condition.The Note 3 has been my favorite smart phone.This phone is awesome, awesome, awesome! A++++ sellerGreat phone. Looking forward to the note 5.I purchased the Note 3 after a good deal of consideration and research. First off I should relate that I'm into computers. I took my first computer course in 1972 (Fortran) and have kept up with developments ever sence. I built my own gaming/general purpose rig and repair, modify and troubleshoot computers. I enjoy it. I have been watching the development of cellphones with the same interest. My first cellphone was a Motorola bag phone (remember those?) and have upgraded only when I saw a definite improvement in functionallity but never did so as a matter of fashion. Late last year I decided that it was time to replace my six year old LG "dumb" phone. I also had become interested in buying a high end tablet after seeing some of my young in-laws using theirs during the Holidays. I had the thought that it would be great if you could buy a nice tablet that also made phone calls! Of course nothing like that exists. I then began taking a harder look at the high end phones after seeing a HSN show on the iPhone and decided it was time to finally make the jump to a "smart" phone. I concluded that the technology had matured to finally deliver the the functionallity that it promised and still be user friendly. After much research I settled on the Samsung. I looked briefly at the S4 but felt it was to small to replicate the tablet experience that I wanted. I'm a Verizon customer (no particular loyality, they just happen to have the best service for my area) so I went to the Verizon store to check out the phone with a salesperson and maybe get a deal. Because they are so new there are no deals on the Note 3. If you feel you can wait a year the phone will certainly be cheaper and in two years it will probably be free with a renewal/upgrade. Verizon wanted $350 for the phone plus $30 to connect it. They also charge a monthly fee for data use. Not the plan use that you contract for but just a fee to use data. SCAM! but what you gonna do? I then went to my old faithful, AMAZON! They listed the Verizon ready phone for $229 with no extra charges. I went back to the Verizon store and told them that if they couldn't match the price there was no way I could ignore a $160 difference. They couldn't so I went home and ordered the phone. I'm an Amazon Prime member ( as an aside: if you order more than three things a year from Amazon, seriously, join Prime. I ordered a forty inch TV for a Christmas gift and it arrived in two days. Free. Wow) and I got a notice that because of high demand my delivery would take a few extra days. I thought; no big deal. I wasn't even really supprised when two days after my order the package showed up on my doorstep. I opened the package and went through the basic setup. I did have to call Verizon support but they were very gracious about connecting and initializing the phone. Now, about the phone. This thing is amazing. The closest approximation I can think of is a laptop the makes phone calls and takes (really good!) pictures. I am new to the whole "smart" phone experience as I indicated and have been constantly amazed by the functionallity, capability, and potential of the device. I mean; dual core processor, 3 gigs of RAM, 96 gigs of storage with the expansion slot. By way of comparison my first store bought desktop computer had an industry leading 45 gigs!. The Android OS is Linux based so it has some subtle differences but not to the point of being a problem for PC users. There is definitely a steep learning curve if, like me, you are new to the whole tablet/smartphone experience. It came with almost no user instruction other than initial setup. I went online and found the Samsung users manual and downloaded it. 256 pages if you skip all the lawyer stuff in the front. I also got a book on my Kindle account (free) that also helps but I am convinced that, like most electronic gizmos that are continuously developing, by the time I figure out how to really use it I'll be ready for the "next" thing. YouTube is also a great resource for instruction on the phone and the various apps. As to the apps; if you order the phone from Amazon it comes pre-loaded with all the Amazon apps and they cannot be uninstalled but why would you want to? And because Google owns the Android OS you are joined at the hip to Google and all its apps and anoying behavior and no, you cannot get rid of it. I have used Google since it first came out in beta but I find them rather spooky. I'm sure the same problem (or worse) exists with the iPhone. One of the first things I noticed about the phone was the very poor battery life. I was used to my old phone keeping a charge for days and I noticed I was only getting 5-6 hours of time on the Note. I researched the situation and found that you should perform a certain ammount of cleanup on the new phone. Built in utillities can accomplish this but the best solution is to download an app called All-In-One Toolbox. Get it from the Amazon AppStore for free. It is a highly regarded app and makes the list of top ten downloads consistently. Using the app's function of disabiling background resource hogs you can up your battery life to maybe a day and a half. Bottom line, the Note 3 is a battery hog so you can just count on keeping it on a charger when not using it. The up side is that it charges fairly quickly. Physicaly, the phone is large. Even for my 6'2" oversized hands. I find myself constantly fumbling around when using it, trying to find a comfortable position. Another problem is when shifting the grip on the phone I inadvertently press one of the soft keys and thereby change the screen. Annoying but something that I'm sure would be a problem with any phone and particularly with smaller phones, i.e. S4. I just looked up and realized its 3 A.M. I thought this review would be about two paragraphs. I'll try to add more impressions later. Bottom line; this device is, in its small way, a life changer. Like I stated earlier, a laptop that makes phone calls. It's just a little too large and heavy, with a protective case (which I recommend), to fit in a shirt pocket but I have no trouble finding a way to carry it. And all those times in the past when I was away from home and I wanted to do something that required a computer and internet access and was frustrated are now history. I guess I'm now a connected dude!I LOVE my GN3! The screen is huge and beautiful! So clear. I've only had it a couple of weeks so still have much to learn. No regrets!Great product and fast shipping!Works as advertized, provides very good protection.For being a re-furbished phone, this was great. This posting review is quite late, but even now as I still have the phone it works great with no issues at all.Hey, it might be old, but this thing is nice!Phone came on time and as described in great cosmetic condition and working conditionI love this phone! I can finally see what is taking place on the screen. Battery lasts at least 12 hours depending how much use you give the phone of course. Very user friendly and stylish.Great phone with all capabilities of a smart phone and small note book.nice phonePhone was in pretty good shape. Lcm was immaculate. Only one minor scuff on the frame. Was going in an otterbox anyway so no biggie. Also, delivery exceeded my expectations. Thanks.The Phone is in perfect working order. Its a great addition. We had an issue with the charger in the beginning which was resolved rather quickly. I would definitely buy from cellular trend again.Love the screen size, but the phone not so much. Barley made it through 30 days without phone having issues.Love my Galaxy Note!!So much easier to see and use than my previous smart phone. Stays charged much longer too. Love key board too!ExcellentSuper Note!I love it. Great for me! Has apps I love that I can't get on the i-phone. Balances my man hands :)PerfectLove, love my phone and was a better price than my service provider offered.First class phone, does everything I want and moreEverything as advertised and described. A bit difficult to navigate and can not load pics directly to Facebook from photo album.Still have it today and love it over my previous iPhones!The Note series may be a little big, but they are the best smart phones I have owned so far.Hey don't buy it. Mine shuts down and restarts 2 to 4 times a day. Nobody wants to resolve the problem.Pen missing! Screen is excellent. Sides worn. But pleased with the product.Having the ability to take notes is wonderful. Paired this with a Chromebook and I am in heaven. Not for a person with small hands. Having the large screen is wonderful.As advertised. Thanks.What an awesome phone. It is the best.Love itPhone arrived in time, instructions to activate was very simple. Love my note 3. Sometimes have had issues with phone call quality, but otherwise the phone is great buy..love Samsung productscant use new snapchat or samsung paySo far so good I love this big guy! Luv the big screen and the volume is awesome when watching a movie :) No complaints thus far!phone does everything i want it tolove itBest phone I've had yet. I love itAbsolutely, positively the best phone on the market, period. Look at any benchmark testing, look at the stats, look at the screen, the only downside is the plastic back, but it's 2014, who doesn't use a case or have a protection plan...Great phone better that expected , works great with absolutely no issuesIt protects my phone and I have received lots of compliments on the design I chose.love this phone.Excellent device, great process of delivery.This is a great phone. The battery lasts very long even though I keep using it for the whole day. Nice features and sharp bright image quality.This phone has a great battery life, light weight, and the large screen is phenomenal. I was happy to replace my Iphone.This was a used phone but looked brand new everything is perfect defiantly worth the money.Best phone I ever had...Phone lasted 60 days after paying $200+. Phone stopped chargingI love this phone!! The battery life on the note 3 is excellent, can go 2 days without a charge.Phone in amazing condition. Very happy.I am satisfied with new phone, only thing, just a month after I got this phone, Samsung came out with Galaxy 4 Note. So in just 30 days , I am already behind in tech.Battey life is pretty good. I charge it every 2 days. Nice sharp screenthe phone is a high quality, reliable phone and the seller was extremely helpfulworks greatDoes so much more than my Galaxy 3, blazing fast with Verizon, even fast internet. And fits in my front pocket just fine.Best phone I've ever owned. I was worried about the size at first, but got used to it after a few days. Perfect for watching Netflix or listening to music. So many adjustable features. Battery life is excellent despite large display.Great phoneExcellentI love this phone. Not too big, not too small, and fairly easy to navigate if you are used to Android phones.better than iphone hands down.I love my Glaaxy Note 3. The screen is larger than any on the market (that I could find). It is so easy to use. If I want to learn a new function, the help guide is tremendous.This phone isn't necessarily the phone for everyone but if you go into it Looking for a phablet style phone then you will love it. Fast fast fastGreat phone. The fact that it was only 20 bucks makes it even better.I waited over a year for this phone and it was worth the wait! Great phone!!!LOVIN' ITthis one wasn't working properly, so I had to ask for a replacedmentbest phone on the planet hands down .I love this phoneI did a lot of research before purchasing my first smart phone. I am love the big screen and the stylus for me works extremely well. I plan on keeping this phone for some time.This is an awesome phone. does not feel cheap in any way. Well done to Samsung. love this phone does so much. phones today are like little mini computers. Just awesome phone not a bad word on anything.....It started having problems functioning and restarting after a few monthsI upgraded from my GS2. The GS3 Note is absolutely wonderful! The big screen is a delight and it has so many functions it's unbelievable! Sound quality for playing back MP3 music downloaded from my computer (I use Amazon cloud player) is loud when I set it on high thru my ear plugs and sounds just like a clear stereo...not distorted whatsoever. I bought an armband and used it today to go running and listened to my favorite music from my GS4 note. Wonderful! I am still learning thru everything so if anything changes I'll add input, negative or positive. But as far as this seller I give 5 stars. And so far the phone has gone above and beyond my expectations. You won't be disappointed!Very good . It's like new!I love my galaxy note 3! The screen image is amazing.Great phone!love it!!Awesome product..just like newThis is the best phone I have ever had and I've had what I thought was the best but my Note 3 blows everything else away.It is a big screen easy to touch, There are a lot function easy to operation . So I like the phone .Great phone great price does everything the note 2 does but better.Great phone. And in great condition.I choose 5 stars because this device deserves no less than 5 stars. Pros: Bright display large screen fast processor lots or RAM Great device Cons: Does not have KitKat yet. C'mon samsung/Verizon... I would recomend this to anyone who wants an awesome phone!Had my Samsung note3 used for three days now am loving it no problem with itgoogLOVE IT!!Love it!All goodEverything I expected. Fast and easy to use. I got a flip case because it's too big to easily keep on a belt clip.Awesome phone!!! Great buy!!Phone is incredible. Only issue is it will freeze up every once in a while and have to take the battery out and put it back onGreat phone and in great shape.Excellent condition!!PerfectFULFILLED EXPECTATIONS!!!GoodI loved this phone for the first 6 months, it worked great for first year and then it was all downhill from there. It barely works now and I've done a full reformat. The worst part is that it fails miserably as a phone. Reception is terrible, I miss calls and messages all the time, it locks up and won't let me pickup calls, I just had to power down the phone to hang up on a call, etc...I love this phone! Easy to use and has great features. Best phone purchase I've ever made.this phone is a great phone it has so many features that I am still learning about and using everyday.I love this phone! It is big but you get used to it. I look at other phones now and think they're too small now. Battery life has been fine. It charges super fast! Amazon had a great price. There was a little issue with Verizon as buying from the site set off a fraud alert but it was cleared up quickly with a phone call.Worked fine and still looked like newLove it. Wish I could have gotten the note 4 but this is good for now.Great phoneWhat is there to say! Perfect!just what we expected and in great shape.ExcellentI absolutely love my new phone it looked brand newAs expected.Love this phone:)I love this phone lot better than iPhoneGreatProduct was as described.Excellent smartphone it's like new.I love the galaxy note 3, I upgraded from a note 2 which is why I gave it only four stars. Out of the box, the battery doesn't last as long and for some reason the speakers don't sound as good to me as the note 2. It also has some software issues that mess with my wifi connection. However, I made some modifications to fix this issues. it is a great phone and I am very happy with it.Love it!I love it.No stylusI love Amazon.comSize Matters!... so make sure yours is bigger. This review doesn't matter to your decision. Go to your search engine, search Note 3 reviews, read the reviews and buy it because it's and awesome phone.Best phone ever except for the speaker is a little cheesy other than that awesome and has decent amount of battery lifeGreat phone with great features and great display. Lighter than I thought and with the case I got, the weight is just perfect.This phone met all of our expectations. The screen is brilliant and sharp. It is large for a phone but it serves as a small tablet and lets face it we use smart phones more for surfing and texting than talking.I have been using this phone for about 4 months. My biggest complaint is the battery life. Everyday at a normal use (2-3 calls, 1-2 hour web or stock watch, the rest is standby), the battery drains out and shut down by itself at night. I need to charge it as soon as I am home. The rest of the features are fine.This phone is literally the BEST phone I've ever owned. Samsung really hit it out of the park with this one! The screen in absolutely amazing. Beautiful, bright, and bold! This phone is so fast! That Snapdragon 800 really brings its A game. Everything is buttery smooth and I love it. This phone is a powerhouse and I can barely put it down. It feels great in the hand. Though the screen is bigger, this phone is thinner and lighter than the Note 2. I really didn't think I could love a phone more than my beloved Note 2, but I was wrong! Full HD 1080p takes things to another level. I paid full price for the phone and it was worth EVERY penny. Samsung has won a new fan!I love this phone, i exchanged my note 2 with note 3, shipping so fast, Ive using it for the past 3 days, im in love with this phone!!! super fast, beautiful screen, battery pretty good... one this is the magazine sometimes freezes the phone but you can disable it from the magazine settings. Love Amazon PeaceLove the size of the screen. Doesn't feel silly big. The camera is awesome and love some of the S pen features. The four stars is for some dropped calls and it seems to change ring volume, not sure if this is the phone or some app. This is not a deal breaker because I really like some of the other options.At first I wasn't sure if I liked it. The phone seemed to have a few glitches but seem to have worked itself off. No sure if its new or refurbished. Either way, it works well. I give 5 stars to shipping though; phone arrived fast.So far, so good. Enjoying the update from my old phone, larger screen, added apps. Good choice, I think.This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. It is replacing a galaxy SIII which is a dwarf in comparison. Huge beautiful screen and an overall powerful device.Best phone I've ever owned so far. I wish Verizon would allow bootloader unlock!Great deal in amazin. Saved 100 bucks against going into store. Will buy next one on here alsoThis is my favorite phone yet. At first I thought that such a big phone would be inconvenient. For me that was not the case at all. I can't speak for everyone though, and I would encourage anyone looking to buy this phone to look at it in the store, and see what it feels like in the pocket, etc. The phone isn't tablets sized, it's still just a big phone. I have no problem putting it in pockets, but I have big pockets. What I really like about this phone is that it really blurs the line on what a phone is vs. a tablet / a kindle / a portable game system. This phone has no problem doing any of those things. I can use full web pages, not just the mobile versions. I can read a book from the google play library or the kindle types very easily. It plays plants vs zombies 2, minecraft pocket edition, stuff like that. The battery life is excellent. You'll only get a few hours gaming, but doing almost everything else, you get quite a lot. It charges quickly. The screen is gorgeous. The stylus is quite handy - I find myself using it quite a bit. I like the fact that it's attached into the phone, making it difficult to lose (there's a setting where the phone reminds you not to leave your stylus behind if you walk away). All in all a great phone, perfect for my uses.Bought 2 of these, so I have written my full review under public name "chuck". If you don't read it, just buy one and you won't be sorry.This did not arrive as anticipated. Required signature.This is my 5th samsung phone and I love the new features. I haven't figured out all of them but the ones I have used are great!greatWorked very well.this is my best phone everI was very happy with my phone. It came when they said it would. My only complaint is that the activation instructions were not clear so I had to call customer service.GoodThis phone is awesome. Really does what it says. I have my own business so appointment setting is easy with features. The multi screen feature is a plus. Easy to talk on phone will surfing the net and google map at the same. The screen is big enough for this feature. Also the S pen is awesome for note taking or jotting down orders. Last but not least the screen is bright so outside use is no different from inside and battery is awesome heavy use for me is 10 hours.Too big for me to cary on my pocket. I think it is perfect for ladies who would carry it in a purse. However reading email on a larger screen is so much better experience than it is on a smaller phone. I wish I had a suitable pocket to carry it on each of my shirts and pants.Very happy with the phone, unfortunately I didn't read the small print and it doesn't have a charger so have to go out and purchase one.This phone is the BEST!! It was so easy to set up. Easy to use, long battery life time, has so many awesome features.I'm on Verizon, came from old Galaxy Nexus. This phone is top of the line, from the stylus to the speed and the screen, oh the screen. No regrets!Absolutely love this phone! Its like a PDA, a BB, and an Android got together and made whoopee! Love It!Best Phone ever, The Price Was Just Right. Would Recommend This Phone To Anyone Looking To Up Grade. Get It Now!fantastic!!Great phone. Love it. Easy to activate. The large screen is a major plus for me. The s Pen is fun to use.if you dont think you will use the stylus, buy the cheaper modelNothing more to say about this phone but "Love it". Most expensive and valuable phone since I ever had the phones! Hope Samsung add some more s-view functions.This phone came messed up. To many things to mention.Love, love, love this phone. What doesn't it do??? Seriously, buy it... quit trying to decide and just buy it!Excellent phone! Thanks!GreatLove this phone!I am giving this phone 4 stars because it is not gold on the sides like the ones at Verizon. I wish I would have known. I would have spent the extra $20 at the Verizon store. This one is silver on the side. Not a big deal and I am more then happy with the phone itself. You're gonna love it!!!!! It's addicting!!!!received the wrong item.A nice phone. I like it. A different felling with iphone 5. I think that it is time the iphone should enlarge their screen size.I absolutely can't live without my Note 3 now. I had a Note II for several months, and just had to have this one. The advancements over the II are like comparing Regular Unleaded Fuel to Racing Fuel. Yes both will get you where you want to go, but damn the trip is much more fun with racing fuel!ok till someone stole it out of my handbag at a party now I have to deal with Verizon to cxl the serviceIf I could give this 6 stars, I would.A phone this expensive and no flash player minus 1 starThis phone (phablet), in reality, should get a 5. The screen is absolutely fantastic. The device, though large, feels great in hand. The stylus, with the quick actions that launch automatically and also when you push the button (and air gestures) works very well. The phone's battery life is unreal. I got easily 2 days worth fo use without charging, and a solid day of HEAVY usage. And the SD Card slot is so underrated these days, as well as the removable battery. The "leather" back didn't look or feel cheap to me. And the phone turns a lot of heads, fid that's your thing. It's definitely a step up from the Note 2. Okay, so why didn't I give this phone a 5, or even a 4? According to the rating guideline, a 5 is "I love it," a 4 is "I like it." Well I liked it at first, but never loved it. But over the course of a week I ended up not really liking it. I tried to give myself time to get used to the interface and it never happened. I changed the launcher, tried to tweak the settings, even tried some themes. Ultimately it came down to the user interface is just awful. The colors are not consistent between the different apps and settings. The Samsung touchwiz software and verizon stuff get in your way more than they help. Coming from a Galaxy Nexus, the UI was just jarring to me. I didn't care for the hard buttons either, although that's just a preference. The way the Samsung framework is set up, there's no easy way to enable on screen keys either. Overall I was just not happy with the UI and the UX. Also, the screen ppi settings are wrong for a screen of this size. everything is "too big." Samsung could have tweaked it down a bit to make use of the 1920x1080 screen. As it is, you don;t really get any more usable room in apps than you would in a Galaxy Note 2. The only places you'll really see the screen shine with pictures, games, web and video. For me anyway, all other apps seemed to be overblown because the PPI settings are wrong. So I gave it a 3, because overall I think "it's okay." I ended up getting an LG G2. I like that phone a lot better. The LG user interface is more customizable and doesn't remind you of old Android, but more in line with the new Android 4.x user interface. Plus, the G2 is capable of being flashed with Cyanogenmod, if that's your thing. Unlike the Note 3, you don;t have to give up the stylus to do that. Other features like air gestures, eye tracking etc are just gimmicks to me anyway.Complicated and not at all intuitive compared to Apple products. I don't likeit, but it does what I need it to do...I wouldn't buy it again.All right here is an honest review about the note 3. It's something that I will approach from the perspective of someone in the Medical field, who needs to get things done quickly, and efficiently. First of all, I received my phone on October 10th, and I had pre-ordered it but DID NOT pay 299. Well initially I did, but there is a promo code of VERIZON30 that drops the note 3 down to 209.99. I bought the Note 3 for myself and the LG G2 for my wife. Needless to say, at the price of 139.99 for the G2 and 209.99 for the Note 3, we returned the G2 for the note 3 despite the G2's incredible low light camera performance. Here is why. Backstory: prior to buying the note 3 I have had the Droid Razr Maxx, which for its time was a great device. Now that apps are becoming more memory intensive, something needed to change. I needed a phone that wouldn't lag on me, and I really don't care about gimmicks such as scrolling while looking up or down, or pausing a video if I look away. Who really cares about that stuff? If I want to pause, I tap on the screen, which is less time consuming that looking away and ensuring my phone has paused playing a video. In addition, I really don't want that front facing camera on unless I am using it. Also, I was always reluctant to buy a Samsung phone because of the plastic build, but you know I always keep my phone in a safe case. I will talk about this a little later. Now, right before I let go of my razr maxx, I briefly upgraded to the note 2 for 2 days. I chose the note 2 because I was in best buy and was comparing the HTC ONE which best buy had on sale for $50 and all of a sudden I decided to listen to the note 2's speaker. I was blown away in comparison to the razr maxx, but blown away which how much more I got in comparison to the HTC one. We are all going to large screens now, and frankly who the heck wants to hold the phone closer to their face? I certainly don't so I upgraded to the note 2. I really did not fall in love with it until the day I was sitting in my senior human cadaver anatomy course, and realized I had forgotten my Anatomy atlas and my notebook. I frantically searched the note 2 and found an app called S Note. I opened S note and began using it. I was blow away, there are blood vessels that are large and really thing, and I used to be able to only differentiate that on paper. Not this time, with the note 2 I was able to use the thin and thick lines as differentiators thanks to the S-pen. I then made my decision that I would return the note 2 and wait for the note 3 because of the larger screen, and faster processor. In addition, I had a memory intensive Anatomy app running on the note 2 that smoothly ran it, when my HP touchpad running android decided to begin hiccupping. Now with all that said, this is why I feel the note 3 is the best choice on the market. First of all, if your going to purchase a phone that you are spending your hard earned money on it, it should be in the most secure and safest cases. It's an investment, that when 2 years later you sell back, you can almost pay for your new device. Second of all, we will ALL drop our phones at SOME POINT, and its important to protect them. I purchased the Spigen Bounce case despite it being slightly ugly; I got the gray one because Incipio NGP tpu cases are NOT yet available for this phone. That case kept my razr maxx in like new condition. Now, I really protect my phone because I have my entire life on it, my class schedule, my hospital schedule, my family schedule, my kids doctors appointments, my appointments, my tests etc. EVERYTHING. So I needed a phone that was behind me 100% and never let me down. It has been the case with the note 3. I have customized it and it still hasn't hiccupped yet. Now the actual review: Screen & Productivity: The large display is fantastic. It is large enough to hold a full month calendar on one home screen and 3 days on another. I absolutely love the vivid screen because my anatomy apps, as well as using it to take notes is an absolute breeze. My only recommendation is to add many pages before you begin in lecture or whatever you want to take notes in. There are many times where I find inspirational quotes on Facebook (FB) and wish I could save them and tag them to share not via FB but text messages etc. Scrap book has allowed me to do just that, I can share inspirational quotes and pictures with anyone and it's a breeze to look them up by placing my OWN PERSONAL tags for each photo. I hold the menu button, type inspiration and BAM; I have all my things that are tagged inspirational. Sometimes I also need a list of diagnostic medical conditions, and it's easy to quickly create a scrapbook memo or create a flow chart in S-note. Etc. In fact the other day, I was talking to Verizon and needed to write down the conformational code etc. for my second note 3, and you know what I did? I was on the dialer page, pulled out the S-pen and circled the page, then I notated it with all the information, it contains the date, the time, and all the information I need to have in case something went awry. I absolutely love this feature and it is very important. Another feature I love is that when I am on YouTube, I can load HD very quickly, the LG g2 did a good job in this too, but the razr maxx despite being an LTE phone did not handle this very well. Another thing I really love on this phone straight out of the gate is that it tells me how many text messages I have (like an unread count). Its something I like, it also has many accounts built right in, such as amazon, Facebook etc. I was able to disable most of the bloat ware by going to manage applications and clicking disable in some of the pre-loaded Verizon apps. The IR blaster is great, I've already started using it on all my TV's however, it wont turn the volume up on my LG TV but do every else. In addition, I am able to have in memory which room has which TV and so when I switch rooms, I also switch rooms on my phone, which allows me to use it as a remote. Great when you have to hide the remote from your little ones. Battery Life: Used it for an entire day hardcore, and its still at 31% at the end of the day after about 6 am to 1 am usage. UPDATE 10.23.13- see the attached screen shot of battery usage. I was pretty impressed. I do know for a fact though that S- health eats battery life like crazy. Also I LOVE the speaker placement on the bottom of the phone, because it's just smart. When I hold my phone, it cups around the speaker channeling the sound directly to me, and not the entire audience behind my phone. Smart. People have complained about the flip board app, but keep in mind, this is android and not IOS. We have choices here. Download an app called home 2 shortcut and it allowed me to configure double tapping the home button to start Google now rather than anything else. Its fantastic and a great use of android capabilities. (I will update more here) The S-pen I received was faulty with my phone, and so Verizon sent me a brand new one for free. Not taking off stars for that, during the pre-order stage stuff like that happens every once in a while. The Spen was completely usable I just had to add a little extra pressure. But no worries, it's taken care of and all is well. The power button has a slight lag when you just tap it to turn on the screen; if you give it a robust tap it comes on quicker. It is quickest to turn on the screen using the home button when it's sleeping. It kind of irritates me that it is that way. NOTE 10.23.13 It maybe quicker to use the HOME button to do the same thing. I wish Samsung allowed customization of the LED colors for the types of notifications. Note 10.23.13 Re: reception issues- I know people have complained about reception issues, but truly I haven't had many. Just a couple here and there. I think the reality is that the Note 3 is SLOW at switching networks etc. So rather than wait, I have just downloaded a refresh network app, which does what I need in less than 15 seconds and gives me a fresh connection. I don't see it as much of an inconvenience especially because the many positives of this device outweigh this one negative. I haven't had no reception anywhere. Tethering by the has been pretty amazingly fast with this phone, and it DOES NOT GET HOT!!!! I love that! My razr maxx used to be a meteorite when it was tethering. More to come. UPDATE 12.13.13 I apologize it has been a while to update. I absolutely still love this phone, and I wouldnt change much about my review. I will say that I have experience reception issues but they are SOOO SELDOM, I believe ive refreshed the network about 4-5 times since I have wrote the initial review and now. Ive been informed that there IS an app that allows you to customize the colors of the LED to what you want. Excellent, so thats definitely a negative taken away. I had been using my phone with a Spigen screen protector and initially I liked it, but now with using the S-pen and it aging I really am beginning to dislike that screen protector. I have just ordered a tempered glass screen protector and will update later about that. ONE thing I have learned is to save EVERYTHING from action memo to Scrapbook or S-Note if you want to hold onto it in case your phone needs to be reset. I had to reset my phone once, but it was due to the FoxFi app and it causing certificate issues. Once I reset it it fixed it. Another note, the Spigen case protector I was talking about, it is great, however I have found that the squared edges make it uncomfortable for my hand to hold, when I remove the case I can handle the phone pretty easily with one hand (even though I have hands on the smaller side). So I have ordered a case that has rounded edges rather than squared edges. Whatever you do, do NOT get a metal case for your phone because it will reduce your signal quality. Other than that the phone has been running great, and I will update it again soon!This is a Smart phone that is easy on the eyes. I haven't used all the features yet, but I am looking forward to learning all that it can do.I've been a fan of the bigger sized phones for some time and Samsung has been paving the way in terms of quality large phones. I remember when I had the 4.5in screened Samsung Infuse and it was considered large. I've had a Note and Note 2 and loved both. Note 3 continues the tradition of keeping everything that worked, improving where needed, and adding features I wouldn't have even thought to ask. So many of the little annoyances I had with my Note 2 have been addressed. Its clear they put a lot of thought into finding out what people loved and wanted changed. When I first held the phone I fell in love. The form factor is just great and the screen is a noticeable jump up. That's saying something when the Note 2 already had a stellar screen resolution. I don't feel the need to have this one in a case. The slippery back of the Note 2 required a case as I dropped it a couple times when holding it bare. Rather than go on feature by feature I'll suffice to say everything feels like a great and noticeable improvement. S-pen, camera, battery life, screen, on and on its the phone I loved before but better in every way I could have asked for. I've tried dozens of smartphones over the past 5 years. The Note 2 was the first one I actually held onto for a year. I easily see myself holding onto the 3 that much or longer (depending on when they bring out a 4th ;) ). I highly recommend this phone.Three things you might not have considered about this phone: Admittedly, I'm an atypical cell phone user. I don't actually make or receive a lot of calls--probably because I was a very late adopter of the technology. I was finally forced into buying one for a job that required it. Nonetheless, I've been very happy with this phone. Here are three great things about it you might not have considered: 1) It sounds fantastic. I'm not referring to the quality of the microphone or speakers (although they are pretty good) for phonecalls but the amplifier used for playing .mp3 and .mp4 files. With a good set of headphones, music on this phone sounds great! Far better than it did on the iPod touch I was using before I bought this phone. If you're an audiophile and rely your phone for portable music, this is a great choice. Also, the easily replaceable SD memory card means that you have the memory capacity to rip lots of songs at the highest bit rates. 2) It seems almost waterproof. Twice, I've accidentally immersed this phone completely in fresh water. After opening it up, removing the battery and all the cards as well as the S pen, and drying it out, it still works perfectly. Not that I'd recommend dunking your phone any longer than you have to. Maybe I've just been lucky. 3) The battery (easily replaceable) has long life and charges incredibly quickly. Anyway, some bonuses to buying this phone in addition to the beautiful, big display and the stylus--two of the main reasons that I purchased it.I was a very happy Galaxy S 3 user, so when it came time to renew, I wanted another Samsung. Here's every reason why that was a poor choice: -I'm going to say first that I had an insurance claim put on my first phone (a four-foot drop was enough to kill it completely) and get a refurbished one, and some of these problems happened on both -First phone corrupted my SD card and cost me a lot of pictures -Second one magically 'disappeared' hundreds of pictures on my SD card (they're also missing when I put the card in my computer to check, so they really are gone) -Second phone's wifi stopped working (doesn't turn on) after about two weeks -Second phone's pen stylus sensor has never worked; has huge dead spots and spots where the cursor jumps all over the screen -Camera is garbage; can't focus close, usually quite slow to take a picture, and has a green/magenta hue when in low light (this is consistent with both phones) -Samsung's deviated enough from plain-jane Android that it's normal for apps to just not get along with this particular phone, which happened when I had to move bank funds between accounts for a time-sensitive emergency purchase and the app kept restarting -Comes pre-loaded with a feel-good Galaxy Note 3 instrumental song that will occasionally play by default when you go to play music over Bluetooth -To its credit, battery life is still better than any phone I've had before. Overall, this phone seems extremely poorly thought-out as compared to my last one, and I won't buy another Samsung. I'm going to get a third warranty replacement after this one's gone so wrong in terms of wifi and the pen stylus, and before it can destroy any more of my pictures. Never again.I've had this phone for a couple years now. It's still able to run everything all the latest phones can. I see no reason to upgrade. What it has over the current gen phones Note 7 is: 1. Removable battery. After a couple years the phone battery doesn't last as long. I'm replacing the 3200mAh batter with a 7500mAh which will increase the life of the phone to twice as long. Try that with your Note 7! 2. Removable microSD card. I can keep upgrading the memory stick inside and actually have more storage than the current gen Note phones. 3. Easily rootable. Sure Samsung stops sending updates for the older models of phones. Doesn't matter because there is still a vibrant aftermarket for the Note 3 operating systems. Rooting will also allow you to remove the bloatware that comes with most phones. 4. Cheaper accessories. Aftermarket larger capacity batteries, cases, screen protectors, car mounts... it's all cheaper because this is an older model phone and the demand has died down.I love Android! LOVE it. I am an Apple user who just switched to Android with the Note 3. Below are thoughts anyone buying should consider: Pros: -Android -Really great display (AMOLED technology is really awesome) -Memory (32gb on board, expandable with another 64gb) -Stylus Cons: -Camera -Camera -And the camera Let me explain why I am giving this phone 3 stars when the only negative is the camera. The camera performs very well outdoors in bright, well-lit areas. The photos are crisp and clear, no blurriness at all. But if you dial back the light to the level of your average indoor room, the quality takes a huge dive. We have a 9 month old and I never get pictures anymore. I used to have an iPhone 5. It snapped AMAZING pictures all the time, no matter what the lighting. It has almost half the megapixels this phone has, and yet the pictures are vastly superior. Bottom line: If you don't want to miss shots indoors, or don't want to have to have your subject hold perfectly still, then look for another phone.If you're looking for a new phone and size is not an issue (and you're not biased towards Apple products), don't think: This is the best phone out there to get. There's a reason why the current king of basketball, Lebron James, is endorsing this phone. It is simply the BEST phone..tablet... phablet... mini computer, entertainment, gadget and reason why Samsung has taken over Apple. The only reason I can see people not wanting this is the size. (or prefer iOS over Android software) I used to be one of those people who thought it looked silly having a phone this size when the first Note came out; however, with tablets becoming more prevalent, and being extremely useful to have daily, having a screen size this big is fantastic. The size really doesn't make it an inconvenience at all as it is slim and easily fits in a pocket. I can wear skinny jeans and the phone can still comfortably fit. I use my phone a lot more now than my tablets. This phone is loaded with features, that even if size becomes a problem to you, there is a One Handed Operation setting where you can adjust the screen smaller! (See TIPS below) It's very useful! I tried out the Note 3 at an actual store and I was instantly envious and sold. I could not wait for my upgrade contract to come.. ----- Upgraded from HTC Rezound (my old phone) ----- My old previous phone was an HTC Rezound. I could not stand that phone! It would get HOT just talking on the phone (It was so uncomfortable putting my ear next to the phone), the battery life was horrible (I bought like 4 spare batteries for it!), and it would lag so much trying to make one simple phone call, it gave me so much headache I had to upgrade right away. I can't believe how sluggish my old phone really was, as the Note 3 runs smooth like butter. The screen is gorgeous. I can last an entire day with the battery and using it heavily. The Note 3 is a major breath of fresh air! The Note 3 really makes my old phone or any other phone look like a kid's toy phone. Despite the larger screen size, it is still much lighter and slimmer. The Galaxy Note 3 is a luxury first class experience. With the powerful processor and 3GB Ram, it is smooth! ----- Pros: - Beautiful 5.7" Super AMOLED capacitive LARGE touchscreen. Great size and colors. (1920x1080) - Runs so smooth! Fast processor and plenty of memory - 3GB! - Dual Window screen (you can watch YouTube while browsing the web and whatnot; processor/memory is powerful enough to give you a nice experience) - it's like a mini computer! - Does NOT get hot at all while talking! (This device doesn't break a sweat!) - Slim and light - S-Pen is a great amazing feature exclusive to Samsung (You can draw notes and it can automatically convert it text); you can do so much with this pen. - Excellent battery life - Fast charging via USB 3.0 cable (you can still charge using a micro-USB cable, but it also takes commonly available USB 3.0 cables for much faster charging!) Cons: - When you double press the home screen, it pops up "My Magazine" app by default. They should allow the user the freedom to assign that to something they want. ----- TIPS: ------ - Best way to take screen shots is using the S-Pen; hold the side button on the S-Pen and then press down/hold on the screen - it will take a screen shot AND allow you to edit the screenshot on the fly (This is great for pointing out something on the screen or whatnot for sending quickly) - You can also take screenshots by putting your palm on the screen and swipe across like your hand is a scanner To do this, you have to go to Settings > Motions and gestures > Palm motion to ON - You can also hold on to the side button of the S-Pen and double tap the screen to open the ACTION MEMO right away. - To make the screen smaller, go to Settings > One-handed operation > Use for all screens to ON; when you swipe quickly from exactly at the side edge of the screen (so you would actually be feeling the silver sides) across and then back out to the edge of the screen, then it would shrink the screen (if that explanation is confusing, then just make a V-motion swipe on the edge) ----- CONCLUSION: ----- When it comes to screen size, battery life, features, there's just really no comparison to the Note 3. It is a league of its own. The Note 3 is future proof; although it came out in September of last year (2013), newer phones that have come out after is still no comparison to the "King" Note 3. The "smaller verison" Samsung S5 was released recently this year, but it has less memory (2GB) and smaller battery life. I also have a Nexus 7 and Nexus 10, but it is a pleasure using the Note 3 and I use it more than the tablets now. This phone is easily worth 5 stars and the price. The Galaxy Watch also seems like a nice accessory to get, especially if the price becomes more reasonable. I'm aware the Note 4 will eventually come out, but I'm extremely happy to have this phone in my hands now instead of waiting months and using my old sluggish phone. I'm certainly happy with the Note 3 and I'm sure I'll definitely have a great experience with it until a Note 5 comes out... Highly recommended powerful device in your hands, worthy of the praise it gets from hundreds of people. This phone will takeover your life and you would feel naked without it.I'd been looking forward to getting this phone since it first came out. I've had it for several months now. I can't think of anything I particularly dislike about the phone. I love: - the s-window so I can have YouTube playing while I surf other pages - the multi-window function, especially when researching stuff - the battery life. I have never had this phone die on me. I am on the phone often, both on calls, messages and apps and have never had a problem. It will warn me and I still have a long time before I need to plug it in - the screen size. It makes reading things (especially as I'm long-sighted) far easier. I find iPhones and my old Incredible2 comically small now - the s-pen. I love screen shots - action memo. Love that it works from the lock screen by using the s-pen. Love the loop function where you can google, or email, or add to contacts or map etc anything you type - WatchTV app utilising the NFC (near field communication) so I can use my phone as a remote for my TV - wave commands so I don't need to touch the phone (i.e. when cooking so dirty hands) to check the phone - that it's water resistant (it fell in the snow/slush over winter and was undamaged) - that you can resize the screen to use it one handed if needed I have no problems with the size. Fits in my normal sized pockets without problem. Sound quality is fine as well. I honestly cannot more highly recommend this phone. The only thing would be that if you have small, dainty hands this is not the phone for you. I have "large" hands (glove size) and have no problem accessing both sides of the phone.This phone is great!! The large screen makes this one super-easy to write documents and make notes. The S Pen helps to get stylus-required jobs done like drawing. The best feature, in my opinion, is the 4K camera. Basically, it can replace most point-and-shoots. Great videos, and definitely great pictures. The flash works great, too. You can take Google Street View-like images and they are AMAZING! All cameras should do that. Most Google Play store apps will work - unless they require KitKat or higher. It runs 4.2, Ice Cream Sandwich. DEFINITELY buy this one - was a great pick!This is a great phone and tablet with all the features you could possibly want. I wear it in a (less than $5 from Amazon) Sun-glass type case on my belt, and the fit is perfect. But, like many other users, I was having a serious issue with the WIFI dropping out frequently. I tried all the recipes on the web and none worked. Thanks to a lead on the XDA Developers Forum I just stumbled on the answer that works here. TURN OFF THE BLUETOOTH. That is all it took to restore stability to my WIFI. Samsung needs to fix this.I ADORE this phone. I've never actually loved a phone, but I do love this one. By FAR the most expensive phone I've ever owned. In fact the most expensive electronic aside from my work desktop computer and SLR camera. But price aside, this phone is awesome. I love the responsive, huge screen. The photo quality is spectacular, and I love the 2-app-at-once option which allows me to have two active apps open on the screen at the same time. Drag and drop URLs to emails anyone? This phone is practical, light weight, fast as can be, easy to use. The size may be a bit unnerving to begin with but I find it very comfortable it the hand. I picked this phone because I was initially leaning towards the Nokia Lumia 928 for photo quality. But being able to go with a big android with a stable system, easily comparable photo quality, the 2-app thing this was a no-brainer. The great battery life and the speed with data are added bonuses. I use my phone more as a tablet half the time than as a phone, and this one is really great for that. I also find that for whatever reason the screen is easier to see in daylight than my prior phone. I am sure there is a technical reason for this, but I dont really care so much about the why as to the fact that it's excellent. I am recommending this phone to all my friends, and thankful to the friend who insisted I give it a try.I had several S4's with problems and switched to Note 2 which was a bad idea, not a good phone, lots of problems. So I almost didn't get another Note, but the Note 3 is 10x better than the previous model. Display looks great, not much lagging/freezing at all, multitasking abilities are really good along with several new S Pen features. I have had this phone for 3 months now and still am finding new features I didn't know about. GPS signal is good, Wifi never gives me problems, and the camera is a lot better than Note 2's. It's hard to find a phone with lots of great features that also works without problems.I want 2 main things in a phone - as good a camera as I can get and a screen that allows me to read. Screen is great. The picture is great, reading is excellent, and the stylus is a bonus. I use it sometimes, but not as often as I thought I would. i do draw with it sometimes and also make notes. Helpful, but not completely necessary. I like that it stores right in the phone though. The camera is better on the iPhone 5. Heck, the camera was better on my iPhone 4. There is no macro at all. So, you have to be pretty far away to focus - there is no low light. I mean, none. You have to use the flash which is only so-so or you have to just not take the picture. Same situation, my husband will take the picture with his iPhone 5 & it will come out. So, if a camera is your main focus, choose an iPhone. The audio quality is also not great. When played on speaker - music, or speaker phone, audio book - it is fine, but when talking on the phone, the quality is less than stellar. It is hard to hear (volume could go higher) because it does not come through as clearly as it had on my old iPhone 4 or on my husband's iPhone 5. Same network, same people I'm talking to, so I've tested and it is actually this phone. ALSO - it does not fit in a normal sized pocket and falls out, so consider this when purchasing. If you carry a bag all the time, that's great, but if not, do you have pants or a jacket with very large pockets? If no, you will have to carry it all the time. Also, in an evening bag, it is hard to fit. I was at a wedding last weekend and carried it separately. OVERALL - I love to read on my phone and it is amazing for that. I text almost all the time - also amazing for that. AND, when you do get good pictures, the viewing and editing on this phone is great. You can also draw over your pictures with your stylus which is fun and silly and amazing! So, I do love this phone, but wish the camera was better. The sound quality when I talk on the phone is livable.Having the best phone (as of the date of this review) on the best network (love or hate Verizon, no one can deny that the coverage is just there when and where you need it) with an unlimited data plan means that productivity will always be had with this device. Coming from the Note 2 (which I had for a couple of months before I sold it to someone coming from a HTC Thunderbolt...suffice it to say he loves life too), the FULL HD (1920x1080--1080p on this device!!), improved S-Pen, improved S-Voice (it's cute, but I would rather use Google Voice Search), what isn't there to love about this phone. Yes, there are people who will cry about the size. To those I say, the market is dictating that cell phone makers go big, or go home. I have big hands, and I can tell you that it feels good to have something in my hand(s) that won't feel like it'll break. Cell phone quality is excellent, the build is more sturdier than the Note 2 (there were people crying about a loose home button, but that wasn't in mine. I buy that defects could happen, but those are exceptions, not rules in regard to the Note 3.) My phone is currently awaiting a wallet case that experienced problems, but right now is housed in a Ventev case (which I reviewed) and a Spigen Ultra Crystal screen protector (full screen and I'll review that too, but BUY IT!! Really protects the phone!!!) Surfing the web, reading e-mail, streaming music from Google Play on High and no cache (because I got unlimited data... :D), the phone does it all with such speed. But the best part I love that beats the Note 2 hands down?! Battery Life!!! I have had this thing for a week and so far, the battery last a good day and half to 2 days before I even see a low percent. I have not used the MicroUSB 3.0 cable that came with the Note 3, because honestly, the million and one USB chargers with 2.0 cable do a great job charging my phone. All I would have done was open up yet one more USB cable, so I have left that in the box. Bottom line, buy this phone!! It is the best phone on the market AND it will be well over a year before this phone becomes "old" Full HD, MicroUSB 3.0, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB internal space (coupled with the 32GB I stuck in there from my Droid Charge...) and much, much more. I could have written a more technical review, but you want to know how my experience is overall, and I'm telling you...I have never been so happy to early adopt a device. I hardly EVER do it, but I am glad I did. You will too!!My favorite device of all time. There are plenty of things I would change slightly, but way fewer things than I'd change on my ipad, desktop or any other phone. I truly LOVE this device. It's so easy to use I use it 5 times more than any other phone - mostly for games, audible books on tape, taking notes, shooting pictures and more. I have always wanted one device to carry and this is the only device designed well enough that I truly only need one device. I sometimes connect it to my ipad bluetooth keyboard if I want to type. That's the one thing I still need a laptop for - ease of rapid typing.Before giving my opinion and experiences with this phone I want to start with some advice if you are upgrading from another Android phone. Search Samsung's site for an app called Samsung Smart Switch. It's free and easy. If you find issues with that app for any reason you can move all of your text messages from your old phone to this one by loading a free app calledSMS Backup & Restoreand following the directions I outlined in my November 30, 2013 review of that product. Another free app you may want to consider isSoftware Data Cable, which allows you to back up your old Android phone to a laptop or PC, then move it to your new phone from that backup. You will need to load that app on your old phone and the Note 3, but it's simple and very handy. While the size difference between this and the Note 2 is only a matter of inches, the screen on this one is brighter, has more vivid colors and can be easily viewed in direct sunlight. The 32GB of internal storage is a big plus because the 16GB on my Note 2 was beginning to get full. When I added in my 64GB external SD card I swapped from the Note 2, total storage comes to 16GB more storage than my 80GB laptop. It's easy to forecast that the next version of this phone could finally wean me off computers. As it is I am spending a lot more time on my phone doing stuff I use to do on my computer. This is also a much faster phone. I do not use it to anywhere near its capacity, but it zips along from one screen or app to the next with no lag. I was more than pleased with my older Note 2, but this one is even better. I take a lot of pictures and video, so I appreciate the greatly improved camera resolution and the easier and more intuitive interface. But what I truly love is there are no major differences in the user interface even though this one runs under Android 4.3 versus 4.1.2 on my Note 2. In that respect there was zero learning curve. After tweaking a few settings that did not come over when I restored my old ones, I was up and running as before in practically no time. This ships with a cable that supports USB 3.0 and has what looks like a connector that is incompatible with existing micro USB chargers, that is not the case. You can still use existing chargers, battery packs and the such because their micro USB connectors will plug into one side of the charging port. If you have a computer capable of USB 3.0 your transfer rates will be lightning fast. The battery is about the same as the Note 2 for use time between charges. Since the Note 3's 4.3 Android operating system does include Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) support you may notice a slightly improved use time if you use bluetooth a lot. As it stands there is a very slight difference between the Note 2's 3100mAh battery capacity and the 3200mAh one in this phone. I am still exploring the nuances of my new phone, so as I discover noteworthy features that I have missed or emergent problems that I should warn about I will update this review to reflect them. In the meantime, if you are considering an upgrade to the Note 3 from the previous model and are wondering if it's worth it - I say yes.The Galaxy Note 3 is a great phone with great battery life and features. The screen is big and beautiful, the apps and features are great, and the battery lasts a long time. I have used the phone pretty heavily through a 12 hour shift and still had 40% left at the end of the day. Don't let the one star review fool you, any apps you do not want can simply be disabled and the magazine app that is brought up by double tapping the home button can simply be disabled by checking a few boxes (no registration necessary), going into the app settings and unchecking the option for the home button. Leaving a one star review for something so simple to change to your liking is absurd. This phone is also slim and light, back cover is a nice feeling faux leather and the phone is built to last.Overall this is a great phone. The resolution is second to none and the battery life is the best i've ever had on a smart phone. Additionally the touch interface is very responsive, more so than the previous Note 2. Moreover, it is also quicker than the Note 2 when bringing up apps and running apps. But, there are a few things that the Note 3 lacks in that the Note 2 had. One is that although the camera for the Note 3 is 13 megapixels and the Note 2, 8 mega pixels, the Note 2 seems to take better quality pictures. Further, the Note 2 had better low light visibility in the pictures as well. And, the camera view point seems to be more zoomed in at the furthest level from zoom on the Note 3 making me have to take a few steps extra backward to take a picture that I wouldn't have to do with the Note 2. Secondly, the video quality in low light lacks adjustment that the Note 2 had. In the Note 2, one could take a video without the flash and still decipher whats in the video pretty well. But, in the Note 3 even in a slightly dim room you cannot see what is going on in the video which makes talking videos from the phone quite frustrating. I don't know why Samsung took a step back on the camera on the Note 3 by taking away lowlight settings and replacing it with a auto adjust feature on the camera that is supposed to adjust to the different light conditions on its own. Which, it does not do very well might I add. But with that being said, the camera is not horrible, its rather on the better side of smart phone cameras. Another thing is the speaker phone isn't as loud as the Note 2's. That was something that I really enjoyed on the Note 2. Overall though, the phone is probably the best phone I've ever had and I've had the iPhone 4, 4s, and 5 along with the Note 2. The visual aspect of the display is awesome and the default storage is 32 gigs with additional 64 gigs addable storage potential. And, I appreciate the fact that one can take the back off and replace a battery or get extra batteries to charge on the side and replace when needed. In the end I'll rate the phone a 9/10 the only complaint being the camera functioning.Yesterday I purchased the note 3 and galaxy gear. I'd really debated on the gear, but went with it, and overall I'm happy with both items. I bought the note 2 in December 2012, and it was an awesome phone. I'd spent about 10 years with BlackBerry, and then went with the Razr Maxx and its stupendous battery life. The note 2's battery life isn't even close to the droid. Other than that, I loved it, and really loved the S pen. I'm retired, so I used the pen for grocery lists, notes, quick phone #s and the like. But after an update a few months ago, my keyboard began to lag. Even Samsung didn't know what to do, and I was frustrated. When I heard about the 3 I began researching and reading reviews. Yesterday I went to verizon and traded up my note 2 to a 3. I set everything up last night and have explored some new features I didn't think I'd even use, but I saw I will love them. Magazine is one new feature. I've become a news junkie and this brings up some things I'd not find anywhere else. I am going to love the scrapbooking function - I can easily copy and save quotes, as I'm prone to do. The battery life seems very good. I took the phone of the charger about 9am. It's almost 6 and I still have 69% remaining. I've played some angry birds, and I've had the Bluetooth on all day (I'm not a person who uses Bluetooth much, but it's been on because of the galaxy gear, which at this time has 77% remaining). The note 2 would be well below 50% by this time - without the Bluetooth. The galaxy gear is simple to use. It's pretty intuitive. My only dissatisfaction is the sort distance between the note 3 and the gear needed to keep connected. I'd hoped to be able to go upstairs without my phone, but the Bluetooth disconnects. Same for a short trip to the kitchen. I keep the volume and notifications on vibrate. My wrist easily feels the vibration. Since I can't be far from the phone, I'd hear it ringing anyway! What I can't understand is the carriers not having cases for the phone. I've ordered a case from Amazon until otterboxes are in. Finally, I know some people don't like "phablets". I do more texting than phone. The phablet is convenient. I do a lot of Facebook from it and other web browsing. I do all of my gaming from it. I use it to read ebooks in bed. If I had to give up all of my devices but one, the one to keep would be the note. I have had virtually every tablet as well as most of the Nook and kindle ereaders, so this is saying something. Well done, Samsung!I left my 5s because I was sick of the exact same thing as every other iPhone. I hated the screen size on the iPhone so I decide to get myself this gem of a phone. Great call quality, beautiful display and Android OS. This phone simply smokes the iPhone. Now that I have gone Android I will NEVER go back to an iPhone. The phone does everything. Buy it you will not be sorry. I bought mine outright for 764 dollars and it was worth every penny!!I've had this phone for 3 yrs.. It is awesome still today.. Keep in mind to run apps that shutdown background apps and clear cache etc... I keep mine in an otter box so still no cracks. This phone is super fast with an excellent screen. I run the most CPU demanding games and have several of them.. I run a 64 gig card so a total almost 100 gigs on this phone.. Never any issues.. My gf uses an S7 and I still like the note 3 better.. Real talk!I was really excited for this phone when it came out and wanted to switch from the iPhone 5. I was just kinda disappointed. It was a really nice phone but some the things made me mad one of which was the volume control in the music player and pandora! There's not way of turning it off and it made it impossible to play music in my car. I'm just really not a fan of the android system either. It's really buggy and just not secure. The nicest feature of the note 3 is the S pen. It is super easy to use and comes in handy. The note 3 also has great battery life too! I eventually just took it back and got the iPhone 5s. I haven't been disappointed one bit. I did a jailbreak and it's able to do anything the note 3 can do!!!!!I would rate it above the iPhone for many reasonsthe larger HD screen The much better android operating system and the start of the art CPU which has speed and precision. Great connectivity call quality super camera and great memory Watching you tube and movies is fun The sound quality is super Overall I would say this is the best smartphone in the market.This phone is great. The screen is large and crisp, making movies and photos look amazing. The processor is fast, making the 4G on Verizon load as quickly as my home wifi. For it to be so large, the phone is quite thin and light. So far, the phone has been able to handle anything I throw at it. I use it as my portable sketchbook. The only con I have is Samsung's My Magazine feature that keeps popping up when I accidentally hold the home screen too long or swipe from the bottom of the screen. It's very annoying as I do not use it.This is my first smartphone and I'm pretty happy with it. PROS: Micro SD card (64GB) option Big screen CONS: Why not 2 SD card slots? Why bloatware? Why have a pen? I ordered this phone on Amazon but 5 days passed and they never shipped it so I picked one up at Verizon.I got this phone and just love it. I wish it had less blood ware using the memory but still this is one amazing phone. I seen people complaining about the gps but no problems so far. I got the Nexus 5 but you can't compare this two, I think in this case you get for what you paid and the Note 3 is totally worth it.Large phone, borderline tablet which is why I bought it. If you are like me and use your phone for the same things you use your android tablet for you will adore this phone. I was impressed how fast this thing is compared to my two year old HTC Rezound. I also have the cover with the window in it which is a must have if you pocket carry like I do.I want get this phone went it first came out and now I have it going on three week now I really like it all do lately it had been getting hot on me went talking on it the last 2 or 3 day anyone else have this issue it till new have not had it a month yet but I do like what it can do a lot till figure stuff out it after I have had it a couples of months I will write againMake a great phone greater and do yourself a favor. AUG and TECH ARMOR BALLISTIC GLASS screen protector. Done.....no worries.this is a fantastic phone--fast, beautiful screen, fun to use S-pen, etc. so I'm giving it 5 stars because IMO it is the best phone out there right now. But I have small hands and my hand does get a little achy from holding the phone for a longish length of time. I knew going in that this is a big phone and that's what I wanted because it's tough to read web pages and emails and watch TV (via Slingbox) on small screens. The back of the phone has a faux-leather cover that makes the phone a little bit less slippery. The back cover is VERY thin, too--which helps make the phone alot thinner than you'd think it would be given its size. (I just compared it to a friend's iphone, and this phone is actually thinner!) Some people have rated this phone lower simply because they don't like the plastic back cover. To me, I couldn't care less what the back cover is made out of since I will be using a protective case anyway! I love to draw, and the S-pen makes it fun to doodle and even write with. Although the phone has a setting where you can make the screen more sensitive so you can use the touchscreen even with gloves on, I will use the S-pen instead because it's more precise. There are so many features on this phone that I still haven't figured most of them out yet--after all, I just got the phone yesterday. Those who have a Galaxy S4 will already be familiar with a lot of the features of the Note 3. It comes with the usual Verizon bloatware, but you can remove the icons from your screens (but not remove the programs from the phone itself). You can disable them too. This phone packs 32gb of storage plus you can add an SD card if you have lots of music, pictures and videos that you want to store on your phone. So no worries for me regarding the space that the bloatware takes up. My last phone had 8gb of storage and I never used that up, even with the bloatware. If you are new to later Android versions, you may be surprised to learn that you can no longer store programs/apps on the SD card, which can be worrisome if you have less than say, 16gb of internal storage and you like to have tons of apps on your phone.**EDIT*** This phone comes with Android 4.3. I've just discovered that it does, in fact, allow you to save some apps on the SD card! Even so, this phone has so much memory, I will be hard pressed to use most of it. So far, all my favorite apps work great on this phone, except for HBOgo and MAXgo.*2nd EDIT* HBOGO has been fixed and it now works! Still waiting for Max go to be fixed. For now, I'm happy that my Slingbox works with this phone. Because of its size, this phone is not for everyone. But if you don't want to lug around a tablet but still want a screen you can see easily and use as a phone too, then this is your best bet.I bought this phone at Costco as opposed to Amazon, but I wanted to make a quick note/warning to anyone looking to purchase this phone. The battery life after the latest android update 4.4.2 is absolutely terrible. The 'Android System' takes up about 10X as much battery as it used to and dominates the battery consumption, as opposed to the 'screen' which used to dominate consumption (as it should). Even after installing battery doctor, putting the phone on power saving mode, it's still significantly worse than before (when I did not need these options). It is purely a software issue, but an enormous one. The screen is otherwise nice, and the phone is responsive, but expect an enormous battery drain such that your phone will not last a single day on a charge (whereas prior to android kitkat it could go over 2).It's a decent phone if you don't have any type of service on it. Once you add the service, get a pen and paper, cuz the list of problems is quite long. I have absolutely no bars, and when I do, I still can't get any text messages. No calls. It's a glorified mini tablet, at best. This may just be the phone I was given. I hope those of you ordering afterwards have better luck. Love it !!! I drop this phone maybe more than 200 times without the case ! and no break what so ever ... not like my previous i phone screen !! best phone ever ! btw I got white one ... so pretty and thin !First off: If you are upgrading from another Android or even an Apple phone here is some advice you may find useful. Search Samsung's site for an app called Samsung Smart Switch. If for some reason that app fails you, move all of your text messages from your old phone to this one by loading a free app calledSMS Backup & Restoreand following the directions I outlined in my November 30, 2013 review of that product. Another free app you may want to consider isSoftware Data Cable, which allows you to back up your old Android phone to a laptop or PC, then move it to your new phone from that backup. You will need to load that app on your old phone and the Note 3, but it's simple and very handy. I'll attempt to not parrot the excellent and informative reviews that have already been posted. I do want to share my experiences with this phone and the ease of moving from the Note 2 to this model. The first thing I noticed is despite the small differences in size, the screen on this one if brighter, has more vivid colors and can be easily viewed in direct sunlight. That alone made my upgrade worth it. A second thing is this is a faster phone. I do not use it to anywhere near its capacity, but it zips along from one screen or app to the next with no lag. I was more than pleased with my older Note 2, but this one is even better. Having 32GB of internal storage is a treat, especially since I have a 64GB external SD card to augment it. That comes to 16GB more storage than my 80GB laptop, so it's easy to forecast that the next version of this phone could finally wean me off computers. As it is I am spending a lot more time on my phone doing stuff I use to do on my computer. I appreciate the greatly improved camera resolution and the easier and more intuitive interface, but that is icing on the cake. What I truly love is even though this one runs under Android 4.3 versus 4.1.2 on my Note 2, there are no major differences in the user interface. In that respect there was zero learning curve. After tweaking a few settings that did not come over when I restored my old ones, I was up and running as before in practically no time. While this ships with a cable that supports USB 3.0 and has what looks like a connector that is incompatible with existing micro USB chargers, that is not the case. You can still use existing chargers, battery packs and the such because their micro USB connectors will plug into one side of the charging port. If you have a computer capable of USB 3.0 your transfer rates will be lightning fast. With respect to battery, the Note 3 is about par with the Note 2 for use time between charges. Since the Note 3's 4.3 Android operating system does include Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) support you may notice a slightly improved use time if you use bluetooth a lot. As it stands there is a very slight difference between the Note 2's 3100mAh battery capacity and the 3200mAh one in this phone. I am still exploring the nuances of my new phone, so as I discover noteworthy features that I have missed or emergent problems that I should warn about I will update this review to reflect them. In the meantime, if you are considering an upgrade to the Note 3 from the previous model and are wondering if it's worth it - I say yes. Read the other reviews for other perspectives and information too because combined there is a high level of customer satisfaction.I've been a fan of the bigger sized phones for some time and Samsung has been paving the way in terms of quality large phones. I remember when I had the 4.5in screened Samsung Infuse and it was considered large. I've had a Note and Note 2 and loved both. Note 3 continues the tradition of keeping everything that worked, improving where needed, and adding features I wouldn't have even thought to ask. So many of the little annoyances I had with my Note 2 have been addressed. Its clear they put a lot of thought into finding out what people loved and wanted changed. When I first held the phone I fell in love. The form factor is just great and the screen is a noticeable jump up. That's saying something when the Note 2 already had a stellar screen resolution. I don't feel the need to have this one in a case. The slippery back of the Note 2 required a case as I dropped it a couple times when holding it bare. Rather than go on feature by feature I'll suffice to say everything feels like a great and noticeable improvement. S-pen, camera, battery life, screen, on and on its the phone I loved before but better in every way I could have asked for. I've tried dozens of smartphones over the past 5 years. The Note 2 was the first one I actually held onto for a year. I easily see myself holding onto the 3 that much or longer (depending on when they bring out a 4th ;) ). I highly recommend this phone.Great item, missing the cord by other than a great phone for the price. would do business again.This is by far the best phone I have ever owned!!! Hands down. Everyone needs to ignore the one lone one star review--- he is an abnormality who may have connections with competitors. Make sure to get a good case though--- speck cases are the best but they don't have one for the 3 yet-- bummed about that.So, I got this phone using "Verizon Edge" program - ordered over the phone. When I received it, it wouldn't activate. The SIM card number wasn't on the order. I had to pry the SIM card out of the Note 3, which is NOT an easy thing to do! I had to do this to read the SIM card number to Verizon Wireless, so they could activate it. I noticed that when I had device on maximum brightness (NOT on "Automatic") and was working on something over extended amount of time, the brightness would dim for a few seconds, then return to max. This would keep happening, at random intervals, and to seemingly random brightness levels. If I continued still to use it... say after 45 minutes or something, it would dim to MINIMUM brightness for few seconds. Now, it wouldn't show me or tell me in any way what brightness level it was changing to... I could just tell when it was putting to MINIMUM brightness. I got it replaced for another Note 3... The replacement had same issue... I called Verizon Wireless and then they revealed to me that this was a feature built into device by the manufacturer. I even spoke to Samsung to verify this. So, stay away from the Galaxy Note 3 at ALL COSTS! ANYONE that owned this device might need to operate the device on maximum brightness for extended amount of time... I mean, why have a long life battery, quad core cpu, and 3 gb RAM, if you can't fully utilize them? So, this phone does this to prevent overheating. Why would a $700 phone have a problem with overheating!?! STAY AWAY FROM THE GALAXY NOTE 3!I was very happy when i got this in right when i order it.Great phone. Size is great and its really fast.Great price! The screen was a little messed up but it's fineI just purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 from a local Verizon store. I am very disappointed with this phone. I paid full price to keep my unlimited data alive. I am finding that the RF reception is abysmal. In buildings where I used to get -89 dbm with my Motorola Droid Bionic, I get -118 dbm with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Even outdoors, with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3, I don't get that great of a 4G LTE signal. The phone will usually then switch to 1 to 2 bars of 3G and stay there until I am back in a really strong 4G area. I'm thinking either the antenna is of poor quality or the radio is not very sensitive - or both. I may have to return this phone and try the LG G2. This GN3 cannot even begin to compete with my old Motorola Droid Bionic when it comes to holding on to a less than perfect signal. In strong signal areas there is no problem, but when the signal isn't the best, the GN3 does a poor job of holding the 4G LTE signal. My Motorola Droid Bionic used to do an outstanding job in the same exact places this GN3 fails. The screen is brilliant, and you couldn't ask for a more feature packed phone. The sound quality is good and volume level is great, but above all the GN3 has to be able to connect to a signal to be a great phone. In the near future, Verizon is going to Voice over LTE (VoLTE). This means that our phone conversations will now be carried on the 4G LTE band. That really scares me with my GN3, since it can't maintain a 4G LTE signal unless I'm really in a strong signal area.AAAThis is one of the worst phones EVER!! Bought new in Jan 2014. By March, I was on my 4th replacement phone. It wouldn't recognize the power cord that came with it... they shut themselves off.... sometimes let text messages in or out... depending on how the phone is feeling. Best part was when they started freezing.... this is my fourth phone. ... i will NOT ever get another EVER AGAIN!!vVerizon poor custermire support. Low RF signal gain. I would have -86 on my droid I would have -118 on my note 3. Icannot even use it in my home. I have no had no other problems with Verizon phones in my house for 19 years. If you do not mind dropped calls all the time on this phone iT is for you..lot ofSamsung bloatware. The screen is very nice but I never use the pen.This is just ridiculous! The phone is locked to Verizon and you can't use it with any other mobile service even if you get the full priced one (no contract). This is absurd! T-mobile (part European company) gives you full power over your phone. You buy a phone from them and on your request you can unlock it by sending you an email code. EASY simple and you feel like being a happy free customer who can make his own cognitive choice. Now these companies (Verizon, At&T) want to treat you like a child who can't make up his mind. They want to lock every single aspect to never leave them. This is ridiculous. I called Verizon specialists many times and each one has its own version of the story: one guy told me you don't have to worry your phone will work with any SIM, one lady was trying to figure out what unlock means - she thought my screen was locked - then she put me on indefinite hold ... one told me you can use it internationally but within US it's locked - so within the same company, no one seems to know what's going on in their own space. Ludicrous. So avoid buying any phone except if it's International or T-mobile then you have your freedom to use it anywhere. The phone Samsung Note 4 is AWESOME. I will get it sooner than later. But I am sad I had to return the phone to Amazon ... I want a Note 4 so bad :)I have always just plugged any of the last half dozen Droid phones, or Windows phones into a cable to a USB port on my computer, and directly transferred files to and from, be the pics, songs, or anything else. Now I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 3, and my life is so freaking complicated by the difficulty of doing what with 'older' technology used to be so easy. I tried to get help, and was told, "Samsung doesn't make it easy, they just make it techi." I believe it. The days of my having this 3 month old Samsung are going to end. I checked into turning it in for a partial refund. And guess what it is worth? 0. Zero. Ziltch. Nada. Geezzz. I'm so surprised. I will NEVER own a Samsung again!I have had this smartphone for a few months now and I continue to be disappointed with how buggy and unreliable it is. I constantly have problems getting the phone and headset features work consistently. Also, the phone is a power hog, even with the large battery. I have constantly having to turn off features like WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, etc. when not using them or I have no chance of getting through the day on one charge. When the battery does get low -- below 5% -- the phone has to be powered off to charge or it will shut itself down, even if it is connected to a charger. One of the most irritating features is that you have to enter your password to turn the phone ringer on or off. I do like the large screen but that is about the ONLY thing I like about this device. I will be moving back to an iPhone when they release their larger screens later this year.I was excited to purchase this device since before it came out. I did a lot of research and waited quite a few months before upgrading from my Galaxy S3. Initially I was satisfied with the device. 10 days after purchasing the device; however, I am stuck paying more money to replace it. Normally I do not purchase insurance on devices and luckily the phone company put it on without asking me. I did not drop or put any excessive pressure on the phone to damage it. I set the device on the counter and when I picked it up a few minutes later the screen was malfunctioning. Having 14 days to take it back to the provider I tried that first. I was informed that there was a pressure crack in the LCD and that apparently I had caused it. Knowing that I had not done anything to cause it I became very upset. I was told that I could send it to the provider but if they determined that the phone was damaged I would have to pay full retail for the replacement refurbished device they replaced mine with. The other option was paying the $100 deductible for my insurance and not knowing exactly what was wrong with the device. I turned to Samsung to solve this delima. They looked at the phone and determined the LCD was cracked, said that I caused the damage to the device and it would cost over $200 to repair. Now I have a device that I did not damage and must pay an insurance deductible on to replace. I asked how to file a complaint with Samsung about this and they said I cannot. After further researching this specific issue I have found that this is actually a common issue with this device. It can actually occur due to temperature changes in the device that are considered normal operating temperatures. I have to note that I loved my Galaxy S3. It was why I stayed with a Samsung device. I was even considering buying a Samsung television because I love my old phone so much. The S3 was durable as hell. I musthave dropped it 100 times before the front glass cracked, the LCD still works flawlessly. Apparently the quality of their products are not uniform across the company and they don't stand behind their products even when they should be under warranty. I will NEVER purchase another product from them again. Be cautious when making a purchase from them.So, I got this phone using "Verizon Edge" program - ordered over the phone. When I received it, it wouldn't activate. The SIM card number wasn't on the order. I had to pry the SIM card out of the Note 3, which is NOT an easy thing to do! I had to do this to read the SIM card number to Verizon Wireless, so they could activate it. I noticed that when I had device on maximum brightness (NOT on "Automatic") and was working on something over extended amount of time, the brightness would dim for a few seconds, then return to max. This would keep happening, at random intervals, and to seemingly random brightness levels. If I continued still to use it... say after 45 minutes or something, it would dim to MINIMUM brightness for few seconds. Now, it wouldn't show me or tell me in any way what brightness level it was changing to... I could just tell when it was putting to MINIMUM brightness. I got it replaced for another Note 3... The replacement had same issue... I called Verizon Wireless and then they revealed to me that this was a feature built into device by the manufacturer. I even spoke to Samsung to verify this. So, stay away from the Galaxy Note 3 at ALL COSTS! ANYONE that owned this device might need to operate the device on maximum brightness for extended amount of time... I mean, why have a long life battery, quad core cpu, and 3 gb RAM, if you can't fully utilize them? So, this phone does this to prevent overheating. Why would a $700 phone have a problem with overheating!?! STAY AWAY FROM THE GALAXY NOTE 3!I traded in my iPhone 5 because I thought this phone looked great in-store. I previously owned phones --way back-- like the Omnia,and was hesitant about the Samsungs again. The size of the phone is about the only redeeming value. It's a big screen, yes. But, other than that the rest is downhill. Call Quality: Horrble! I never had an issue with my other iPhones, or phones. This sounds like I'm calling from a bathtub. That is, when it's not dropping my calls (on Verizon, too!) Try it on speakerphone? Ha! Good luck. Call quality takes another enormous dive. Responsiveness: It lags a lot for me, applications are often slow. Graphics and Pictures: Pictures are pretty decent. Not bad. I get a lot of black screens and have to restart applications. When I go from say a Twitter link to something else, it's black, slow to load. I thought the phone would be blazing fast, but it's way below any iPhone or even other phones. My wife has the LG G2, and while it's supposed to be fast (LG G2) it makes the Galaxy Note III look abysmally slow. Overall, I'm greatly disappointed in this phone. I switched because I think it had great promise as an "all-in-one" type phone, but not for me. I'm going to trade the phone back in for something else and likely take an incredibly big financial hit for buying this piece of garbage.AFTER GOING THROUGH 13 REPLACEMENT GALAXY NOTE 3 IN 4 MONTHS, I DECIDED TO GIVE UP AND AND TRY HTC ONE MAX TO SEE IF IT BETTER THAN NOTE 3. THE NOTE 3 GIVE ME SO MUCH STRESS. IT THE SAME PROBLEM OVER AND OVER,OVER. I HAVE TO REMOVE BATTERY ONCE A WEEK WHEN IT FREEZE, UNABLE TO ANSWER PHONE, NEED TO TAKE SEVERAL SHOT TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE, AND IT REBOOT BY ITSELF. ANOTHER PROBLEM IS IT NOT LOUD ENOUGH TO HEAR WHEN I AM IN A CROWD OR RESTAURANTS. THE MUSIC SPEAKER WAS AWFUL.THIS IS MY 5 NEW PHONE REPLACEMENT IN 3 WEEKS.. IT NOT EASY TO TURN THE PHONE ON WHEN THE PHONE RING OR TURN IT ON..IT RESPOND VERY SLOW OR NO RESPOND AT ALL. I HAVE TO CONSTANTLY REMOVE BATTERY AND REBOOT THE PHONE. IT TAKES TOO LONG TO DIAL A PHONE NUMBER. WHEN YOU TAKE PICTURE, IT TAKES TOO LONG TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE. AN AVERAGE OF 5 SECONDS OR LONGER. IF I WANT TO DELETE PICTURES, SOME I CAN AND SOME I CANNOT. SOMETIME THE PICTURES MOVE AROUND TO DIFFERENT CATEGORY BY ITSELF WHEN I TRY TO SEE MY PICTURES.IF I TOUCH A SCREEN. IT MOVE LEFT OR RIGHT. IT STILL HAVE PROBLEMS AFTER I GOT ANOTHER NEW PHONE REPLACEMENT.Two of my family members received these phones several weeks ago. There are persistent and serious problems with call quality that have never been resolved. Many calls to tech support and updates did not resolve the problem.I don't understated why on the main search page, it says item is $199.99, but when you click in the item, there are no options for that price. It's $709. Hmm....thank u..its perfectReceived the product promptly. It was NEW (as reported) -the phone and case were PRISTINE. I purchased this phone as a replacement for a cracked phone of the same model. However, phone was clearly purchased from the UK -even though the seller is US based. Transitioning this phone from UK settings to US settings has been an ordeal. Even after transferring the settings I have found that the phone's ability to detect signal and pick up 4G is EXTREMELY lacking. Phone was gorgeous and new, but BEWARE! UK settings are not compatible with US networks. Even AT&T corporate could not help me to get my phone working up to US specs. UPDATE 3/36/17: Phone screen has begun to black out. Notification sounds continue, but screen is defective. Absolutely do NOT order from this vendor.Excellent phone. Excellent navigation. Not as much of a toy design like the iphone, so meant for people that want something practical, with best of the line navigation, very solid features with little tinkering needed, good integration into office, no requirement for bloat, and excellent use for a professional. It's amazing that these haven't caught on more, but the trend of the mainstream phones these days seem to be more about gimmicks and the marketing of games you'll probably play once while in the bathroom and then deleting. Glance screen is fantastic. Battery life is great. Email is excellent. Good security options. Live tiles allow for quick customization to keep important information and links in just the right places."The polycarbonate body of the Nokia Lumia has been overhauled for the Nokia Lumia 925, with the robust metal frame providing a sleek, modern look as well as working as an antenna so you'll be even more connected than before." This was the line that sold me on buying the phone. However, my initial impression is that its connectivity is worse then the Nokia 520 that I replaced -- only because it got broken. More about being a camera than functioning well as a phone. Connectivity is not good. Dropped calls and "no service" episodes are frequent whereas with the 520 they were rare.Well, I didn't read that it only had 1 GB of RAM. It doesn't play videos well. It closes my my apps and my tabs on the web browser. I didn't even put games or music on my phone just because it only comes with 16 GB of space. Which is ok since I use my old phone for music and games. And the only thing that i disliked about the phone was the fact that if it has 1 GB of RAM IT CANNOT BE UPDATED TO WINDOWS!!!!!!! Update on the phone...yeah don't get this phone. It started messing the screen up really bad. Like tube tv with no signal type of screen. Worse phone I ever owned. I had to lower the rate. I wish I could return the phone.There was a lot of damage and use showing all round the sides as well as the Miro-USB power plug was pretty beat up. I even asked the company if this was a new or used produced there responce was " NEW " SHAME on themClearly not "new." Box was torn open and taped shut; no film on phone. There is a tiny scratch on the lower part of the screen, tiny, but its there. Purchased as a gift, disappointed as it looked like I gave my mom an old, used phone. Update: phone does not charge whatsoever. Requesting refund. So disappointed.Thought these phones would be good because I had one long ago. Hope it is not a waste of money.bought this to replace my broken 925. Works as expected.OMG worst phone ever. Seriously. I was in a time crunch and had to have a phone as i was traveling to Nashville. I love you guys though. I host a morning show in Dallas and always talk about you. But man that phone sucksI've had this phone since March and haven't had even one little problem with it. It's built sturdy and sleek and has fantastic battery life - much better than any of my previous Android phones. The screen has beautiful color and clarity and the camera is amazing. I've seen others complain about the screen cracking easily but in my experience (and I'm pretty rough on my phones - 3 kids), this phone is a trooper. I've actually accidentally dropped my phone down the metal staircase in the back of my apartment without a case - from the second floor, more than once - and the screen sustained zero damage. There are so many options within this phone that you have to go through all of them to get the full experience of what this phone is capable of. It is fully synced up with my Windows 8 laptop and everything is automatically shared between the two which is extremely helpful to me. My favorite part is the internet sharing capability - depending on your data plan - you can share your data network with any other device. It's really helpful for me when I'm out and I need to connect my tablet to internet without having to use public wifi. I've never owned an iPhone, never will, and I was a stubborn Android convert but now that I have this phone I will never go back.Does what I want.Purchasing from Amazon was simple and easy. I had no problem following the steps needed to purchase my phone.Great phone.I love the windows phone, but this one worker for bout a week, then it died!!!!!!!!Crack screensFunctional for what I needThe phone was locked and waiting for it to be unlocked so much stress to get it doneGood to goWindows 10 is junkSame phone as expected. Seems as though it is brand new and has no troubles. Will update later if that changes.Product received was an international phone (UK). Although it was unlocked, it was not actually manufactured for AT&T use in the U.S. This is important to consider because you will only be able to utilize 2G/3G speeds when not on WiFi. Event attempts to change the access points did not solve the issue. The battery was nearly depleted after attempting to update the phone over the course of a few hours but that should be expected seeing it is a 3yr old phone. The phone itself was in great condition, some minor phone tweaks were not present in the updates (perhaps because it's a UK phone), but it was still what you'd hope for in the Lumia 925. Overall, great phone if you don't mind 3G speed but, if you're paying for a data plan that uses LTE, you're likely to want a device that fully meets your needs.It works perfectly fineGreat phoneIt was hard for me to see i am vision impaired. I gave to my friends daughter.she likes just fine for games.. Just do not get if poor vision.i been use Nokia Lumia phone for years. I will not switch another brand.easy,simply to work for people not technically smart.Awesome phone! Finally windows is coming through with useful, read to use products! Solid, great feel in the hand, battery is longer than my Galaxy 3 "with a few tweaks".I bought this phone feb. 12 2017 received it feb, 21 2017. IT DIED!!! MAR. 3 2017 I SEARCHED ONLINE TO FIND OUT HOW TO GET IT TO WORK AND FOUND OUT NUMEROUS PEPOLE THAT BOUGHT THIS PHONE HAD THE SAME PROBLEM AND THE PHONE NEEDED A NEW MOTHER BOARD TO FIX IT. I HAVE HAD TWO OTHER NOKIA PHONES AND NEVER HAD A SERIOUS PROBLEM AND DID NOT WANT A DIFFERENT BRAND. I ALSO BOUGHT A SNAKE SKIN CASE FOR IT $15.99. I AM PISSED TO SAY THE LEAST. I AM GOING TO SEE IF I CAN EXCHANGE IT FOR ANOTHER LUMIA 925 WITHOUT SPENDING ANY MORE MONEY!!! I UNDERSTAND NOKIA SOLD THIER COMPANY. BTW MOST OF THE OTHER FOLKS HAD THIER PHONES WAY LONGER THAN 2 1/2 WEEKSGot this to replace 635 and its a Dow grade no sd card got light but got download a app to use and the ring tones are trash crashes all the time like old phone but got for 60 from wall mart new they lie about shipping dates thoVery poor build quality. Phone fell from sofa to wooden floor less than 30 cm high and screen cracked. I will not recommend this phone to anyone. The warranty does not cover this. I made a mistake by not doing more research about this phone. When I googled about this issue, I saw lot of complaints.Before I bought this phone I had a Nokia Lumia 640 & thought that this phone would be a big upgrade. It isn't really. The only thing better is the camera & the fact that it has a front camera. All of the annoying glitches I had with the 640, which by the way was a GoPhone, are still here: Web pages closing suddenly, facebook app sucks, facebook webpage sucks, Spotify stops playing music (even though I have Wi-Fi), & some other ones I can't even think of right now. I had a couple of Nokia Lumia GoPhones for about a year each & if & when this one breaks I will probably get another one because of the price (I have 3 kids under 4, don't really need an expensive phone). I also use Straight Talk for these phones, which I don't think makes a difference in it's quality. I just didn't think I would ONLY be paying more money for a camera.This phone has been a real bummer. The screen looses sensitivity quite often and I can only get it working again by pushing on the screen hard, or by holding the camera button and hope it comes out of it. Also, it does not display that you have a voicemail message unless you turn the phone off and back on again. It does not sync well with the bluetooth in my truck and cannot access any of my contacts. I did not have this problem with my iphone. I would not purchase this phone again.Microphone not working: - I switch a call to speakerphone - I want to use voice commands - I shoot video in portrait mode (it's silent) This made me think the problem is in the hardware, but: - The phone is rarther undamaged, fell only a few times, and it always had the charging cover on it - Video has sound in langscape mode - I can call people without loudspeaker - People were told on other forums to reset their phones but it didn't work. (100% similar problems, so I suppose it won't work here either)This item was suppose to be NEW but it wasn't. It was so nasty as if someone had been eating something greasy and handled the item. Just so Nasty that I didn't want to touch it with my bare hands.Had refurbished cell phones, starting with Motorolla's Brick, then got new digital att phone, then flip phones. 10 years. Then iPhone 3GS, amazing. Then iPhone 4, got really slow, then Samsung Galaxy 3 Mini, liked, fun Android, then this. Like this the best. May move up to 1520 when eligible for upgrade in two years, this is limited by 16GB storage, but can always take some music off if run out of space. Ran out of space with Samsung 8GB in eight months. Put chip in, but still couldn't update certain apps. Have had a couple little glitches with this, but could always fix, or fixed themselves. Sometimes couldn't get email, in the beginning, or connect to internet. I think it has a protective function, so you don't run the battery down completely, have to hold the down volume button, and the power button for thirty seconds to get turned on again, while plugged in. Glad I got it. Nokia, and Windows. Can synch with my Windows computers. Very elegant. Nice, quality feel in the hand, with the metal edges. Got for $0.01, plus $40 upgrade fee through att with two year contract extension. One step behind current technology = lower fee. 3GS, when 4 came out, this when 1020, and 1520 are out.The Lumia 925 was purchased in Like New condition, and arrived exactly as described. Upon arrival, upgraded to Windows Phone 8.1, which runs flawlessly on the phone. From the initial information available, it should have no trouble upgrading to Windows 10. Recently bought this phone as a stop-gap between my old, dying 900 and a new Windows 10 phone this coming summer. I have not been disappointed. My only complaint is the drop of total integration in Windows 8.1 between the OS and all social media apps. This is particularly annoying since the advent of facebook messenger. So far, no issues with battery life with medium use. I am typically connected to wifi, and run multiple mail accounts and the battery will last over a day without a charge.Shipped very fast. Just wanted to try a Window smartphone to see what it was like. The Nokia brand is pretty good quality. For the price I am happy playing around with this phone, get my emails and surf the web a little. I am not activating it as a phone.ive had this type of phone for a while and my original one started having issues purchased this one as a replacement but it had more issues than my original one, so i returned it and went back to using my original till i can afford a newer modelThis is a great phone, but I sure miss my storage chip and my android, I don't care for the clouds. found out that there is no battery to take out. A++ordered phone from description and price it was new. arrived used, and has already failedbroke my Lumia 928. getting this used as a replacement until windows 10 comes out. for the price. can't beat this.GoodI have had plenty of phones, but this is by far my favorite. I love everything about it with the exception of the phone call app, which is easily fixed. Battery is awesome when the battery saver is on, yet to go a full day and go below 50%. Camera is awesome as well. The Lumia 925 has officially won me over to the windows phone. Can't say I'll ever go back.At first it wasn't working and we were going to send it back at the suggestion of Microsoft. But for some miracle it started working so there was no need. He's happy with the phone (bought it for my husband) so we're happy!When I acquired this phone in November, 2013, I loved it. It's sleek, solid, and has a good feel. The display is very sharp and clear, the camera is excellent, and call quality is much better than my previous phones (Samsung, Motorola) and it always had better signal strength than my friends' iPhone 5's. Although the Windows OS isn't on par with Android in flexibility and availability of app's, it's sufficient for business needs, and very easy to sync with Microsoft exchange for work emails. I was very pleased with this phone-it met my needs for a business phone and I was actually recommending it to others. Unfortunately, after a little less than 3 months, it inexplicably stopped working. I could place a call, but couldn't hear the other person unless I put them on "speaker". I limped through the first day using the speaker and bluetooth to my car's audio, but by day 2 even that had stopped working. The phone is under warranty but I bought it at ATT, so I have to go through their warranty return process which means being without a work phone for several days. I bought a different phone to use in the interim--I'm not sure I'll switch back to the Nokia when I get it back. Very disappointed that it didn't last any longer than it did--I expected it to be more durable.this is by far the best looking windows phone, even better then lumia 1020..if you compare with iPhone 5s, the lumia 925 standsout and has sharper and richer looksjust my honest viewi like iPhones but for the price there is no other phone that can come close to 925the live tiles make the look so much more fun on windows phonetrust me, this phone in my view should be among the top 3 best smartphones in the world.its a shame that crowd mentality and less marketing does not let this device to be a top seller as yet..but we can see more and more people with windows phone and lumiasThis phone gets 5 Stars because it is so easy to unlock. Step 1: Remove SIM card from phone and turn the phone on. Step 2: Dial *2767*3855# This will initiate a Full reset for Samsung A157 Step 3: Once the phone restarts, dial #*7337# This will remove SIM lock and reset phone Step 4: Now insert your SIM card. and restart the phone. Great phone to use on Lycamobile, only 2 cents per min!I was looking for a very simple phone after being frustrated with other non-smart phone devices that would suddenly die on me for no reason. Usually, I can blame myself for an issue, but certain phones (cough.... Samsung A187 AT&T Phone) stopped working for no reason! I would have given this phone 5 stars for sure, if weren't for the fact that it has started to act up these last few months (starting around September). It seems to turn off uncexpectedly, but might just be a battery issue, not sure. Otherwise, it works great! I only use it to text and calls. Kinda do wish it had a QWERTY keyboard, but you really can't beat the price! Also, I LOVED the text message chyme it has (it reminds me of another phone I used to have.... but I broke that one, my fault). People always say it sounds dramatic and scary, so it's a great motivator to respond to that message right away!So if you just need a basic phone this is great. I ran over my husbands other flip phone (he is old and does not text, get on internet, etc). He uses his phone just as a phone and every now and then takes a picture. So I bought this for him because he still had another 6 months to go before he could get a free phone with his cell provider. We won't keep it because it is just a little to basic - no outside screen to tell you who is calling - but it was great for the priceThis is certainly a no frills phone for a no frills price. My old AT&T go phone bit the dust after several years of abuse. I purchased this as a replacement. I prefer the flip phone since it prevents accidental dialing from my pocket or camera bag. I pulled the sim card out of my old go phone, put it in this one and was read to go. Very pleased with it.Get rid of the costly data plans that you get with your smartphone, lock in this awesome simple phone, get a cool table and use wifi capabilities to feed with data. This works for most people that have wifi available virtually where they are 80% of their time. The cell phone is very simple, yet has alarm, calendar and all basic old style app. It is very sturdy and the battery life is great, like a week without charging. I got it a couple months back and I'm very happy I did.Great product if all you want is a dumb phone. Mine has been drowned in water for over 2 min thanks to my toddler and still works fine. Can take a beating and does all the basics. This phone does work for regular AT&T plans as well and is so cheap you don't need insurance.A great drop phone for those times you need to call your pharmaceutical dealer. Ha, just kidding. I bought this for my old-ass father who refuses to get a cell phone. I thought he could use it on long car drives or in case of emergency. It was perfect. We signed up for pay-as-you-go online with ATT, put $20 on it, and there you have it. Comes with a charger.The Samsung a157V is a solid BASIC mobile phone. I live where there is very poor reception and this is doing better than many far more expensive phones my friends and family have. The sound quality is very good, it is reasonably loud and I have not had complaints from those I speak with including several 70 - 95 year-olds with limited hearing. I've dropped it a couple of times and it still works very well. I recommend this for what it is - a very good low-cost basic mobile phone.Can't beat this little phone for simply talk and text. It's not for the data intensive user. I've had mine for about a year and well as my wife. We're seniors, so this is all the phone we need for our purposes. We're using AT&T as our provider. They're discontinuing 2G service nationwide as of December 2016, so this just might be an inexpensive answer for folks who simply only need talk and text.This is NOT a simple phone to operate. I bought this as an extra (I currently use an iPhone). It was a MAJOR pain to set up - and setting up a prepaid AT&T account was a MAJOR ordeal. It works fine - but don't order if you are looking for something easy. If you want a cheap throwaway and don't mind spending time setting it up - it is an OK choice.It's hard to find a mobile phone that doesn't have a camera and/or web browsing...but this unit fits the bill. It can go several days without need a charge AND take a standard micro-USB cable.im very happy with the value. everyone else pays 100 a month for their service, not me. & when i drop this phone, i laugh, not panic. Go ahead & steal it. I'll replace it with pocket change, not be out 600 bucks to replace & stuck in contract. does everything as advertised. the only negative is feeling like i'm stuck in 2005 tech. but thats not as important to me as the low cost to use & replace if needed. great option for value conscious people.Only thing I didn't like is it doesn't take photos. Like it is small, just open and talk. It would be prefect if i could add 10 mp camera to this phone. no internet. Also it would be good to have auto answering for in coming calls. Cells today are going to the bigger end so they can do internet. Now I do text off and on. Maybe easier to type a text. PS Buy the way I have a Motox and have the internet off, had to install a app to stop apps. And do have auto answer app. The motox is to big for me. thanksI like this tiny phone. It's a temporary piece of crap that when you need to make just calls and text, this is the phone for you! If you want to get on the web and face-time and crap, UPGRADE. But it is a great starter phone or temp phone for the children. It can take being thrown into a wall or dropped on the floor ( I would know because I dropped it on my stone bathroom floor last night lol).No texting, no smart phone! That's what he said. "I just want a basic phone to make calls." Upon its arrival, we took the chip out of his old phone and put it in this phone. Perfect. All phone numbers moved. No muss or fuss. Highly recommend for ease of use and compatibility with AT&T service. Thanks again!I bought this as a backup phone. Put the sim card from my primary phone and it worked fine. The sound is clear. Can't change the ring tone and making calls from the directory is very cumbersome.I rarely give bad reviews; however, I have been very disappointed with both this phone, and the associated pay-as-you-go service from AT&T. The reception (sound quality) is very poor. This is the case even in areas with strong tower signals. This is my only real complaint about the phone itself, but as my entire reason for having the phone is communication, it's a big deal. The one plus worth mentioning is that the battery-life on the phone lasts for a week easy if not used. As for the service, here are a few things that I was not aware of prior to purchasing this phone, and activating the pay-as-you-go service: The advertised 10 cents per minute is before various taxes are applied, so do not expect 100 minutes for $10. In addition, minutes are always rounded up, so if you will be making many short calls with this phone, know that this adds up. Also, be sure to tell people not to text the number, as you are charged 25 cents per text. Be aware that when you do buy minutes for the phone, they expire in 30 days (if spending less than $25), 90 days (if spending between $25 and $99), or 1 year (if spending $100 or more). To summarize, with this phone, you get what you pay for. It's cheap, and due to poor reception, conversations are difficult. They also end up costing more than may be apparent. The minutes have an expiration date making this phone's use as an emergency phone a bit less effective. That being said, you do get a functioning phone for $15, and for another $10, you can make and receive a few calls.Bad audio quality. Good in a pinch or backup phone.Its a great phone so I can use at my job, but the battery dies pretty fast.Warning! If you plan to unlock this phone like the other reviewer says. Do not do a full reset! It will erase your IMEI # and make the phone useless for any carrier. Otherwise its a nice little phone with a nice price for those who needs a phone just to call and text.Exactly as advertised. No problems. Would buy from this seller again.It great, good for elderly people. I like it and good for the people that don't like smartphone.This is a great phone for the price. It's very easy to use, very lightweight and small enough to carry in your packet. The only negative comment I have is the buttons to browse the menu are kind of awkward.Took forever to ship it got lost had to send another took forever and it was all scratched up. For 65$ a flip phone no camera used and beat up.I don't need too many functions for a cell phone which I use for emergency because I am retired and can be reached most of the time during the day. I wanted something low cost!About as cheap as a replacement battery for my other Go Phone, and all I had to do was put in my existing Sim card and it booted right up. Great.Switching from iPhone 5 to this phone. Simple, long battery, good looking. iPhone took too much of my time and health, really.great phone still works great 2 yrs after. has everything you need from a none smartphone. I forgot how much I love flipphonesI just got this cell phone lastnight. I was excited at first. But after I put my at&t SIM card in the phone, it shows 'emergency only'. So I cannot use the phone to call anyone but 911? really? and I just realize that ppl have same problem as well. I guess I should read this bad review before I purchase. I think the Amazon should show the info about that can the buyer use their exited SIM card or not. Next day, I call AT&T 1.800.331.0500 and ask the c.s. representative to fix this problem for me. She said all the phone that is not purchased from the AT&T store, sometimes you have to call AT&T to activate the phone. So She tried to activate my phone, however we just realize that my SIM card is not compatible with this device after the phone is activated. The lady suggest me to go to the AT&T store and get the upgrade SIM card which is free. I have to say, even I was not happy when I find out that I cannot use the phone, but I am appreciated the help from that c.s. representative, I think her name is Kailey. She is really sweet and helpful. so here is some info that I would like to share: 1. to active your phone, call 1.800.331.0500, and give them your info and also the IMEI# (which is on the back of the phone, you probably have to take the battery out first.) 2. if your screen shows 'SIM not allow MM#3', that means your SIM card is not compatible with the device. you can go to the AT&T store and request the new one.This phone works wonderfully. It doesn't have many functions, but it is extremely durable. There is an issue I have with it that doesn't exist on other phones in the same size range. That issue being that you can't view texts when talking to someone on the phone. Which is odd because you can send texts when on the phone.Girlfriends phone broke...good replacement!AT&T has been telling me that my dropped calls due to poor reception were because my old Motorola RAZR V3 used the older EDGE technology, and all of the radios out there now are either G3 or the newer G4. If I wanted better reception, I needed a phone that supported newer technology. So, I got this cheap phone to test that out. It was not the case. Everywhere my V3 RAZR had no reception, this phone had no reception. I guess in the grand scheme of things, a $15 loss isn't too bad.This phone was bought for my wife who rarely uses a mobile phone. I needed to get her something that would be as simple and basic as possible and the Samsung 157V has been the answer. I appreciate the simplicity and the battery life of the phone.The screen glare is so bad that if you plan to buy this phone it would be best if you are a shut in. Phone could also use more volume.Good basic (very basic!) phone. But if you just want communication ("pick up a loaf of bread", "where the hell are you") and don't want or need all the bells and whistles of most phones today, this might be the one for you. Several plans to choose from and one of them is pretty basic (again, very basic!); just ten cents per minute. Only drawback, and it's a minor one, is that your number will probably have been previously owned by somebody else and you'll be getting his/her calls for a while. Just keep telling them, this is not longer his/her number and they should eventually stop calling!a-okGoodmy mother needed a cheap phone we could have unlocked and she could take overseas, this fit the bill perfectly.I thought it was new. battery didn't work and the phone looked bad.Have trouble getting a signal in the house, have to go out on porch. Someone said if you have metal in house could be the cause. Otherwise nice simple phone, good for the older folks who don't need a IPhone.A no frills, it just does what a phone should do, make and receive calls and the price is great.This was a replacement for one purchased from AT&T. Much cheaper from Amazon and contract ext.GoodIt's not fancy, but it works. not as easy to use as a touch-screen phone, but also doesn't have a lot of annoying features you don't want or need. You can use this phone if you already have a contract plan: just don't use the GoPhone simcard but use a regular sim that you get from AT&T or from your old phone.Very basic no frills phone. Good value for 10 or 15 dollars and to use as a spare travel phone.This phone is basic. Works fine for what it is.Exactly what I wanted a basic phone! Works great. I recommend this phone if you don't want/need all the bells and whistles that come with today's phones.Lover this phone for its simiplicity. Its a very very basic phone. Calls/reception is excellent when talking. Charge does stay for more than 1 day if you are a avg-heavy caller.Cheap phone that works great. Great battery life.It's okay, sound is not all that good, but for the price it's about what I expected.Perfect for my wifeNo frills, but good for a seniorneeded a basic phone with no camera! PERFECT!!After a very simple unlock phone I use it on Simple Mobile. Excellent battery life. The only thing kinda don't like is the buggy menu system, when pressing the center enter button its trying to open att website. To me that middle button should bring up the menu instead.great phone, good dealprice ok reception bad went back to old phoneGoodI needed this phone for a family member that just came home from being incarcerated. In order to have a phone in the halfway house it could not have a camera. Great source right on pointIt's a great looking, startrek phone like alligator skin.exactly what Mom needs. stop shopping around.Satisfied with productThis phone is great! Bought it for my son and he LOVES IT!! Also has a long battery life.Sleek, inexpensive cell phone. I just wanted a cell phone without all the gadgets and this one fits the bill.This was purchased to provide a replacement phone for my son who lost his iphone. We just wanted something cheap, with good battery life so that he could keep in touch. The phone arrived quickly with Amazon Prime, and he was up and working with AT&T in no time. Four weeks later though, he did find his original phone to use. He will hold on to the Samsung as a spare if needed.My mama loves this device. Have to go ahead and order her a couple more before u all run out.Very nice simple cell phone. I need few bells or whistles as I use it only for quick work related calls. Love it.Easy to use phone. Was a gift and had no trouble installing sim. Ready to go out of the boxNo camera, ideal for workNice phone for someone that just just needs a phone for talking and for emergencysPhone works great over all. It doesn't have a headset connection or Bluetooth so your forced to hold the phone always. Other than that it works great with no problems.Very simple phone, works great, all the basic phone features, to make and manage all your phone contact info. I am happy it does not have a camera feature. Surprised the battery life is not a bit longer.Excellent product.your basic phone that gets the job done... works well and is toughBought this phone to replace a broken more expensive one and love it. It is easy to set up and easy to use. If you don't need all the bells and whistles this is a perfect phone. Calls are clear. The screen display is bright. The pay as you go without a contract works brilliantly. This is a great phone for kids.I gave up on this almost from the beginning. I went on line to acquire some minutes and I could not do so. Nothing listed "my device"...I then received tons of messages on the phone which could never be accessed. I stuck it a drawer and ended up purchasing a Jitterbug at Great Call. It works. It is very user friendly. Some items are just to cheap in construction to be any asset I guess. I would recommend the Jitterbug instead.Both Amazon and Green Squared have been terrific. Ordered two phones and only got one but they were all on it immediately and e-mailed right away. Will keep dealing with Amazon and its vendors!!!!I was able to just install my sims card and it was ready for use. Great product and easy to use.It works great, we are very pleased with the product. Thank youWorked great. Exactly what I needed.you get exactly what you want in this phoneWant just a simple flip phone, nothing fancy? This is the phone for you! And you can't beat the price! Also, if you aren't going to be using it as a GO Phone, which is how it arrives, you van activate it through AT&T over the phone and get the cheapest phone plan EVER!My wife just wanted a flip phone like her old one. Nothing fancy as she just texts and makes calls. She loves it...Unfortunately she found out that it does not have a camera and would've liked it much better if it had one. Only cost me $20. I found lout that a later model has one ( a camera) so that's what I'm going to buy her.I like it. Good value.Very easy to unlock (you can do it yourself) and comes at a good price too. Have bought some of these to gift elderly people.Really too small for my eyesight-wish the screen was bigger but I don't want a bigger expense. ThanksBought it for someone.very happy with it.I bought this phone because I wanted something less complicated than the new smart phones and I didn't feel I needed all the extras. I just wanted a "PHONE". Got it mostly to use while traveling and wanted something that I was not tied into with a contract. I use it with h2o wireless and it works fine.Small enough to fit in a pocket or purse without a lot of extra weight. Didn't need a phone with big screen for video. Came with a sim card, called AT&T to set up pay-as-you-go so got just what I wanted.We purchased identical phone in Jan, battery life did not last; had to re-purchase. Hoping to try one more time - maybe it will be better. Thank you, PennyPerfectly working ! For the price, this is really steal deal ( Almost Free)awesome! I only wish that the ring was a bit louder.my son lost his original AT&T phone now he treasure this more than ever,it's simple but it gets the job doneIt's a phone that rings and has a dial pad and we can use for voice mail. That's all I needed to add a line for $20/mo-no contract with AT&T's Mobile Share. (A review AT&T would be love/hate at this point, but there are no really good carriers...tried 'em all.)Excellent phone, had same for yrs. very easy to operate reason I purchased another.It is cheap, and the battery lasts long. really good product.Simple phone but works well.great phone if you have simple voice needs.Good basic phoneNicePerfect real phone!!!easy to use for my needsBest cheap phone ever. Big buttons for mom to use. Easy and free to unlock, Step 1: Remove sim card from phone and turn the phone on. Step 2: Dial *2767*3855# This will initiate a Full reset for Samsung A157 Step 3: Once the phone restarts, dial #*7337# This will remove sim lock and reset phone Step 4: Now insert your sim card. and restart the phone. DONE.Very easy to use for a non-tech savvy person. Small, yet comfortable in its size. My mom is finally using a cell phone.Works well. Bought this as a gift for my mother. Very easy to use and has all you need to get started with cell service.Price was good got it for my delivery driver, he loves the Big screen and big buttons and the display.I love it, got my sims card from my old beat up att phone, popped it on this one and done... holds a charge for ever, ( well I dont use it that much) but when I need it is charged. that was not the case on my old one, use it or not it died, hence the new phone. cand do better for the price.battery stopped working a month or so into it. But we weren't using the phone as much, so that might have had something to do with it.I've got two (more) stashed for "Mom" because she's not able to deal with more complicated stuff than this when her current one breaks (same thing). I don't want a phone that I can't figure out or work (her words) and only wants a basic phone she can operate without getting confused. She's very happy with this model and the price is right!This phone fits well in almost any pocket, has a bright face with large numerals and works flawlessly. Foe the price it is amazingI didn't understand it requires an AT&T account to activate. I thought I could use it to replace my old T-Mobile dumb phone.My mother-in law wanted a no nonsense flip-phone with easy to read numbers... this is it! I was a little confused at first because the package it came was for a ATT "go phone", (prepaid), but after opening up, I saw that the SIM it uses is just like any normal phone, put the card from her old phone, and we where up and running! Due to the fact that it is a Korean phone, we expect it to last for years to come...returned because i needed bluetooth capabilitiesThis phone 1 month later does not work properly. The person on the receiving end can hear me but I can't hear them. This phone is junkRecieved my phone with an opened package and the sim card and battery missing. I don't understand.. Did I read something wrong? How does this even happen??Order page doesn't mention that it comes with a sim card and a charger.I bought those items thinking I needed them.Page should be modified to show that you get more than just the phone.AWESOMEok phone , bought it for my 72 year old grandma , buttons and screen are small to her .Good Value but take care..make sure you Block the internet-because it is Net capable and you will be charged if you access the Net..I bought it to use on my Metro Account Tech couldn't set it up because it is locked and ATT refused to give me code said AMAZON has to provide..Amazon Rep to follow up Mon AM..This is nice but i missed the charger, i don't know where i put it. Is there any way you can send me another one. Please!Thought it would work with Consumer Cellular - it doesn't.This Samsung cell phone is with a lifelong battery. Just functional. With this you could just send message, make phone call. Fortunately it is cheap! I do not like it and I do not hate it.it is very convenient to buy in on amazon. it goes with a AT&T card, so i donot need to buy a card and can refill money directly on the internet.Top is breaking off in less than 2 monthsI would not recommend it. Not the bestIt was perfect for my needs.I bought this phone thinking it was unlocked but couldn't use it abroad when I travelled and still had to try and unlock it very dissapointedWorks wondersI needed a simple non-smart phone for a second line. This phone works perfectly. I didn't need the bells and whistles of a smart phone, just the phone and voice mail. You can't beat the price.Came uncharged and without a charger. Not very useful. Good paperweight, though, if you like vintage phones.The phone came without a Sims card or chargerWorked for 2 weeks and then the screen died out.Nowhere in the product description did it indicate that a Sim card was included with the product. in fact, the product page indicated that a Sim card was frequently purchased with the product. When I received the phone there was at Sim card included. It was only an additional three dollars extra to purchased this additional Sim card, but I was disappointed that the description of the product was not clear.I bought this phone for my wife. We got it and it was not unlocked even though I did use the code provided. Finally after taking it to someone who knew how to unlock it (at an additional cost) we got it to work on another network. It still won't work on Claro my network because when they refurbished it they used parts from two phones. It seems that it has something to do with the email address. This phone has two different email addresses and will never work with Claro. Claro is one of the largest service providers in S. America. Useless phone to me.Perfect for my 13 yesar old son who refused to manage his iphone & samsung a lesson learned. No smart phone for him this is perfect simply make calls and text. I LOVE IT!!!!!okworks with the other samsung I had to buy as it is the same phone but was never able to get the phone nunber from the phone I bought on amazon so went to walmart and bought a identical phone and the charger works on it.Phone is awful! The previous owner was a smoker! Smells like cigarettes! Makes me sick every time I use it. I have tried to clean it and nothing works. I am really disappointed!Far exceeded my expectations! The battery lasted for days. Its a great phone to text on. I ended up liking it over my android. Throwback phones aren't all bad. My only problem was when it came to using the internet. Most sites cater to android phones so I couldn't do much with the phone internet wise. If you need a basic and inexpensive phone to get you by, this is a great choice. Plus Samsung makes awesome phones anyway. You cant go wrong with a samsung.This one did not work in India. But they say it is unlocked. Thats not true.It only saved half of my friend's contacts from his original phone.Not as advertizedCheap and a flip phone that is why we chose that phone we bought another track phone and was very hard to use. Also got it from amazonThis phone isn't as advertised. it's probably a good phone, but won't work with my husband's ATT plan. It was advertised on the Amazon website as ATT, but when it arrived, the first one had a faulty charger and the second one I ordered wouldn't recognize a standard ATT sim card. I'm having to return it since it's not as advertised.This is a great little phone if you need something durable and small that can take abuse and keep working - great for use around infants and toddlers. I have used this phone for over a year now and it's been wonderful. Cannot speak to the web browsing function (I turned it off since I didn't have a data plan), but everything else works exceptionally well. Holds a charge for days with light use, seems to keep good signal and voice clarity with both speaker and regular calls. I have 15 month old twins and they love to steal my phone, pretend to talk on it, fight over it, then throw it onto the floor. It falls into 3 pieces (the back piece pops off and the battery falls out), I put it back together, turn it back on, and it works great. This has happened more times than I can count over the past 6-8 months, and this phone just keeps working. When closed, I was surprised to find that even when the kids put it in their mouths, no drool got inside the keypad or on the screen - none. Loved that. Finally upgraded to a smartphone so I can take pictures of them without needing a separate camera, but I'm keeping this one as a backup. It's sturdy as can be and keeps working despite regular, daily abuse for months on end. I'd highly recommend it for anyone who needs an inexpensive phone that's durable.I started out looking at $90 phones to use with a non-contract service and came across this wonderful phone. It does everything I need (I have a great desk computer to use for the internet) and the sound is excellent, especially for my hard of hearing condition. I had heard it had a very good battery and after I charged it fully I waited a week, and even with regular use the battery was still fine. I finally gave out at 10 days and charged it again, I don't know how much longer it would have lasted. Way to go! Pat PowersI bought this sub $20 Samsung A157 to serve as an inexpensive phone to use while traveling in Europe. I unlocked the phone using instructions easily available on the web. I bought a SIM card in Madrid (local Orange store [...]) and the phone worked perfectly to make and receive calls to the US and locally in Spain. I plan to buy a 2nd phone for an upcoming trip to Italy and guy local SIM cards. Perfect phone for travel. Of course if you want to hold on to your own phone number, you have to pay for the convenience.This is the probation-phone when teen's privileges of using Smartphone been taken away. I bought one for each of my teens so that they could still make phone calls. The price is so good to beat, it can be unlocked to use other carriers.I had been looking for a flip phone for months , wanted just a phone not a computer, no apps . This phone is just great-charge the battery using the included mini-charger , insert a sim-card , no activation -excellentfast shipping love this product no dropped calls and can clearly hear batteries last long time with out chargingConfusing interface. Numbers to small. Ring tones annoying. Reception not so great. Does not need to be so big. I have an LG phone from TEN years ago that is smaller. What is up with that? So it is heavy in my suit pocket and annoys me.good phone, works greatGreat phone for the price! Rugged too.Not using right now, sucked into a contract with Sprint, long story.Samsung a157V is good. it is cheap and with very good quality. it's good for short time visitors of this place.Pure Talk is my provider, and the free flip phone they sent me wasn't that great, so when it died after getting wet, I bought this phone at Wal-Mart for about $14. I only wanted it for texts and calls. I don't need a camera on my phone, or anything fancy. I've only had it a few days, but so far it's been great. I like the ring tones just fine, and it does what I need it to do. The employee who sold it to me put my sim card in from the Pure Talk phone and it worked great. No need to unlock, or anything like that. AND since I used the same sim card, I got to keep my phone number. Perfect!Great deal and the sound is so clear. Only for $14.99! I'm so glad I got this phone and it is easy to use.Bought this to be used in case of emergencies for my 10yr old son when he is traveling to amusement parks, skiing etc-any large public venue. Tried to use it today as he is traveling with friends and found out they cancelled the phone-it's dead. I called customer service to re-activate it etc and it's useless apparently. He hadn't used it since August but I bought a minutes plan that should have rolled over to keep it active as long as there was money in the account(very aware of this)-it did not. No emails/phone call to warn me-just a dead phone and lost minutes. My only option is to buy a SIM card from the AT & T store and reactivate-doesn't do me much good when I needed him to use it today. So my advice would be if this is for true emergency purposes with infrequent use-this is not the phone for you-or buy a bunch of SIM cards and only load small amounts of money on it.After a few weeks of use, I am ready to declare my unequivocal love for this phone, despite the fact that my fianc calls me an old man, a hipster, and/or simply "Ron Swanson" as a result. These terms may or may not be accurate, but if you are considering downgrading from a smartphone, this is as close to an old land-line as you can get without using something with a rotary dial. I have had AT&T since it was still Cingular Wireless in 2004. During the last ten years, I more or less followed the evolution of cell phones every time I was eligible for upgrades. My first smartphone was an iPhone 3GS, followed by an awful Android-based HTC that loved overheating and crashing, and then a Windows-based Nokia Lumia 920. Over time, I have noticed that my call quality and reception have worsened with each ostensibly newer and better smartphone. In the case of myNokia Lumia 920, which I've had for around a year, this meant that at least one out of three people whom I called or who called me simply could not hear me. Like other smartphones, the Lumia has an "ambient noise-cancelling sensor." In the Lumia's case, this sensor does not interface correctly with the phone's firmware, whereby most of the time it simply cancels ALL noise coming into the phone, including my voice. This problem reached its apex a few weeks ago when a committee called to interview me for a job across the state, and they could not hear me, in spite of my full LTE bars. Hence, I almost immediately decided to research non-smartphones (dumbphones?), which ultimately led me to purchasing the Samsung A157V. Based on my experience with smartphones, it seems that cell phone technology per se--not the endless multifunctionality of smartphones, but the simple ability to make and receive phone calls (and basic text messages) almost anywhere with a device that is small yet optimally ergonomic--was perfected around 2004. Thus, the cramming of more and more features on to smartphones, then endless marketing blitzes to compel you to acquire these newer, faster, better tiny computers that may or may not actually work as, you know, a phone. The A157V, which is very similar to a Samsung that I owned around ten years ago, is a throwback to the last time that cell phones were just cell phones. Like a lot of reviewers, I appreciate the phone's build quality, insane 10-day standby time, and its overall simple functionality. Best of all, whereas I was previously unable to make or receive calls inside my office building with my previous phone, now people whom I call from pretty much anywhere around town compare my phone's sound to a landline. Finally, my Lumia takes several hours to charge when its charge is less than 20% and it is plugged into an electrical outlet. By contrast, the A157V takes around one hour to charge from one battery-bar (i.e., 20%) to full. I still can't believe this phone costs less than $15 (thanks to Prime, I ordered it on a Friday afternoon and received it Saturday), and that that price includes however many GoPhone minutes come with it. With respect to the criticisms others have offered, I can't address those given by people who attempt to use this as an unlocked phone, a global phone, etc. Nor can I speak to those who have purchased minutes for emergencies or whatever only to have them expire. I'm not reviewing AT&T's wireless service (which is VERY hit or miss when it comes to both coverage and customer service), just the A157V's functionality as a cell phone. Hence, the major criticisms that I will address include (1) the misguided notion that an existing AT&T SIM card is not compatible with the A157V, and (2) the idea that texting is difficult and/or more time consuming than on a smartphone. 1. At first glance, it seemed that there was no way that the tiny SIM card (roughly the size of a microSD card) that came out of my Lumia would occupy the over 1-inch input under the battery for the A157V's SIM card. If, like me, you are retrofitting a smartphone SIM card from 2013 into this quasi-2004 phone, the first thing you need to do is to compare your existing SIM card with the one that comes with the phone. Examine the sides of the SIM cards with the brass contacts--not the smooth plastic sides--and you'll find that the actual electronic portions of the SIM cards are identical. What you have to do, then, is to figure out how to insert your smaller SIM card in such a way that the contacts align correctly inside the A157V's much larger input. For me, this entailed some trial and error (try to align SIM card, insert battery, turn phone on, and then see if you have reception other than "emergency use," repeat), but once you get it right there is no need to worry about it further, as the SIM input is spring-loaded and holds the SIM card snugly. Another option, of course, is to take this phone and your old one to an AT&T store to let them figure out the SIM card situation for you, but that whole process sounds awful to me, particularly since AT&T doesn't even sell the A157V directly, and I'm not entirely certain that the employees would be able to comprehend a cell phone that has tangible buttons. 2. Admittedly, I miss the conversation format that smartphones maintain for text messages, but otherwise I prefer texting with this phone. The key, however, is activating the T9 Predictive Text mode, which allows you to spell out words without having to scroll through numbers/letters one at a time, and to add words (and emoticons) to the T9 dictionary when necessary. Note that if you can't spell words correctly, T9 will probably not work for you that well. To activate T9: a. Flip your A157V open. b. Hit the left side of the navigation button to open a text message. c. Select options. d. Press 1 for "Text Mode." e. Press 1 for "T9 Predictive Text." I'm not going to delve any further into how to use T9, as I'm sure Google and the interwebs can help you out there. I suspect that as more and more people acquire tablets, at least some of them will consider ditching their smartphones (okay, probably not Apple acolytes), given their redundancy. In my case, I still love my Lumia--with its giant, pocket-defying size, it has become a mini-Windows 8 tablet with an awesome camera--but I needed a phone that actually functions as a phone. For under $15, the A157V is as good as it gets. I might buy a few more just to have back-ups down the road when AT&T inevitably stops producing unpretentious phones built solely to function for the purposes of actually talking to other people. The up-shot of stocking up on these is that the phone's packaging is well-nigh impenetrable, and perhaps apocalypse-proof.These phones remind me of the days before smart phones. I was sucked into a smart phone and regret it now, the worst part was that I was stuck with sprint. Now that I have this phone i'm not so distracted, the cell reception/ call quality is amazing, my phone last weeks with out a charge. The pros -my wife is happy that she can reach me -great for people who have ADHD because its so simple and doesn't have useless apps to distract -my bill is 10 dollars a month because I'm able to pick a plan perfect for me and not pricey unlimited plan -super light -super durable my wife doesn't understand why they can't make a smart phone as durable as my 8$ phone The cons - not the best in talk time battery but still amazing -maybe too light I forget that I have it and I might wash it -not for power users -so simple that it doesn't have blu tooth or a camera The fact that you are looking at this phone shows that you already knew this.When my husband dropped his last phone in the toilet for the THIRD time, it finally died. He doesn't like smart phones, which is a good thing because with his track record with phones I won't let him have one. His prior phone was similar to this one. At the AT&T phone store they wanted us to sign a 2 year extension on his phone plan in order to "buy" a new phone for $50. We didn't want to extend his phone plan. Without the plan we were told we would have to buy the phone at the full price of $200.00 dollars! I refused to pay that much for a cell phone. I found this one on Amazon and it had all the same features of his prior phone. It sends and receives calls and texts. It does not have a camera, but my husband didn't want a camera. It has large buttons so that he can see them clearly. It was so cheap I was sceptical that it would work. The phone was brand new, we charged the battery, replaced the SIM card from his old phone. It comes with a charger. It works GREAT!!!I refused to sign another two year pricey contract; so after my contract expired three years ago, I continued usage of the same phone; refusing to upgrade because it would cost more money a month, smartphone or not. My plan consist of $63 a month for 400 voice minutes, 200 monthly text, extend unlimited evening calling to begin at 7:00pm instead of 9:00pm and 15000 weekend voice minutes. That is quite pricey for someone who does not use their cell phone a whole lot. The touch screen on my Samsung A877 Impression stop working; I tried to revive it with a code and it did not work. So I ordered the Samsung a157V and place my Sim card from my old phone inside the slot and it began to work like a charm. I have a monthly service plan and this phone is a to-go prepaid phone. It works, i am not left without a cell phone and the cost was resonable $14.I've had Samsung phones before and they were always great but this one sucks. The big button in the middle which is usually the "Okay" button is the world internet button. If I hit it by mistake, I'm charged one cent per second from my pay-as-I-go balance. I haven't figured out how to stop it from vibrating and ringing at the same time. I can't hear 95% of the ringtones and it won't accept downloads. No window on the outside, and flipping it open does not answer the phone, you still have to push the Send button.Unlock instructions valid as of 6/20/2014. APN setup instructions are specific to ekit/Go-SIM/JT - Telestial brand of SIM cards. Adjust instructions for other brands - no guarantees. Everything you need to know about unlocking this quad band GSM phone - so you can use a Go-SIM card. If you're not into tinkering - then I recommend buying an unlocked GSM phone directly from GoSIM - as their phones are reasonably priced too. I needed basic phones to keep in touch with my family on a trip to the UK and a EU countries on a Baltic cruise on Royal Caribbean. I wanted the phones setup and reasonably tested stateside before leaving. (Use any phone with caution on cruise ships - keep phones off - and wait to get off the ship - and get some distance away from the ships cell systems before powering up) Testing stateside is sometimes easier said than done depending on the SIM chosen and your phone model. I was able to near fully test these cheap Samsung's - but unable to fully test my SIM unlocked Sprint Samsung Galaxy S4. The Sprint S4's are firmware blacklisted from ever using T-mobile or AT&T here in the US - and GoSIM needs/uses these carriers stateside. The S4's will work abroad, just can't properly pretest them here in the US. These cheap Samsung's are great for voice calls and SMS texting. While it does contain a browser, it is clunky, small, andmost importantly - it will not work by default - as adding APN's for mobile data is not simple on this phone. More on that later. Removing SIM Lock: 1) Remove SIM / Power up your phone 2) Perform Master Reset by bringing up you dialer and entering: *2767*3855# Your Phone Reboots Automatically 3) Perform SIM unlock by bringing up you dialer and entering: #*7337# Your Phone Reboots Automatically 4) Power Down phone - Insert GoSIM - Power Up and Violla - Phone now accepts non AT&T Sim cards. 5) Follow directions provided by GoSIM {If you don't get prompted to set your location - that SIM menu can be found at: Menu - Tools - STK Menu} To be complete and to get Data Working {but why bother - get a real phone :) } : 1) First you must call GoSIM customer service. You will need to obtain two additional codes associated with their GoSIM card - known as SIM2 Pin Code & PUK2 code. Note, this is different than the SIM Pin & the PUK written on the GoSim card. Customer service will likely resist you - tell you that they don't use them, we're Pinless, you don't need them, or think you are asking for the Pin or PUK. Be persistent - they have them - it is just they are seldom asked and they themselves can't understand why they're needed. 2) Create Network Profile: Menu - Settings - Connectivity - Network Profiles - Options - Create - Under Set Name enter: ekit - Under Access Name enter: mobiledata - Under Home URL: (Optional) any website URL (will open that page when browser is launched) Then save it. Select ekit - as the active profile (ie. the AT&T profile is no longer selected) 3) Unlock APN Control List: Settings - Phone - Security - APN Control - ON. - You will be prompted to enter PIN2 code. (should you fail three times - you will need the PUK2 code) 4) Add APN: Settings - Phone - Security - APN Control List - Options - Add - You will be prompted to enter PIN2 code. - You will be prompted to enter APN name: mobiledata 5) Open browser and enter a URL (reboot phone if needed) Enjoy!If all you want is a portable phone, without gizmos, for emergencies, to cut the phone bill at home or to stay away from high tech touch screens, then I highly recommend this model for you. This was actually for my mother since she's always hated the idea of having a cell phone but didn't like paying $50 for phone service. So she broke down, decided to go with Consumer Cellular since it was very cheap and wanted a phone, nothing more. Thankfully, this thing is specifically that, a compact telephone. It does have the ability to text and surf the web but uses 10 year old tech and with the small 2 inch screen, seems to make it more trouble than it is worth. The battery life is fantastic, lasting a week easily by just not using it, every three or four days if you have a regular 20-30 minutes of talking every day. It is small, fits easily in pockets and pretty easy to use if you follow the directions or know someone who can help you set things up, like your speed dial or entering people into the phone book. It is an AT&T phone, but you can use the pay as you go service or use a SIM from other AT&T phones, as well as Consumer Cellular does offer a free SIM if you sign up with them.This works ALMOST perfectly for what we wanted - a basic phone for my mother-in-law who is really starting to have some age-related dementia issues except: For a basic phone why does it access the internet (and why is that one of the main buttons) and why is it SO hard to get to the address book - that is actually beyond my mother-in-law at this point - it takes me a bit of effort to navigate it (I think it is 5 button pushes and they are not obvious). Luckily if you hit the send button without a number a recent calls list pops up so every so often I go in and load her list but it would be so much nicer if they made the address book a main button - and moved the internet (lets be serious - most people are not buying this phone for internet access) to a less accessible place...If you only want to pay for a simple phone that calls and texts with no extras this is great. The only thing I don't like about this phone is that when you want to send a text, the method for entering who you want to send it to takes more steps than I think it should. It first shows you a list with empty slots that you need to fill to indicate who you want to send the text to. To fill the slots you need to either type in the phone number or click options. In the options it shows the last 3 persons you have texted and then a "More" option for you to choose from. So then you have to click "More" to find other numbers.FINALLY!!!! great simple reliable PHONE! just a phone... don't text? I could never text as fast as I talk or punctuate me mood... don't need to have a camera? don't want the buttons to make calls by accident? Then you will love this one! So far, the best phone I ever bought, I'm Italian, life's short... simple is better... This is the best one of all, good reception too! GET ONE, I think I may buy a second spare one before they "don't make them anymore!" you know that's coming... they always take the good stuff away... 40 bucks, heh heh.. there "ya go! "Yo- VERY reasonable GSM unlocked flip phone - I activated two of these with Consumer Cellular for our use. This is a perfect phone for us - we actually use a phone as a phone - none of the foofo stuff. The ring is loud and clear and the voice transmission/receiving is clear and loud - what more could we ask for?? (btw - we got these for under fifteen each here on Amazon - and got spare batteries for around twofifty each)Clear sound, easy to use. I got this for my elderly mom for her prepaid phone. I programmed it so that the phone accepts when the flip is up and ends the call when the flip closes. I got the prepaid from AT&T and from day one, she has received 3-5 telemarketing calls a day. Kind of fishy, isn't it... she gets all these calls and her prepaid minutes are used up just answering them. Who else outside our circle knows her number other than AT&T?I wanted a cell phone, not a pocket computer. I have had several "smart phones" but they never functioned as a phone all that well. Poor reception, hard to hear, higher monthly bills due to the data usage. I wanted back to basics. I will admit loosing the QWERTY key board of the more modern phones was bit of a set back, but I do not text all that much to begin with and the phone has the T9 text with the ability to add words not found in it's dictionary. This phone has great reception, even places where the other phones would never get a signal, this thing pulls at least one bar of signal at all times. It also has great battery life (something unheard of in the smart phone realm) I have gone a week plus in between charges on this phone. I am in my early thirties,and I love how advanced modern technology has become, but it seems that phone companies are more set on the next wizz-bang tech, that they lose sight of the phone being a phone.I bought this phone for my husband as he decided he might need a phone for his job. He does a lot of driving and if he had car trouble or got lost without a phone he would have no way to get in touch with the company. He wanted the cheapest, just make a call phone he could find. I couldn't find one much cheaper and about all it does is make and receive calls. It is a flip phone, thin and compact. It slides into his pocket easily, holds a charge for at least a week since he doesn't use it much. The numbers are a bit bigger than most phones and he doesn't complain about the hearing problem with his hearing aids. For what he wanted, you couldn't ask for better.This is a great phone for travelers. Once you unlock the phone (see the other Amazon review for unlocking instructions), you can use pre-paid sim cards purchased abroad. I used this phone with an Italian TIM SIM card. The phone is QUAD-band, so it will work globally. Another nice feature is that it charges with a standard micro-USB cable, so you can minimize the # of chargers that you have to carry (very important when backpacking). Overall it's a lightweight, global, reliable and simple phone to use while traveling abroad. Highly recommended!not sure if the antenna is weak in this phone, or the att service is bad in my area, but i got horrible reception on this phone. it worked just fine when reception was good though. and it weighs as much as a feather. if you need a cheap phone for now, get this phone. i wouldnt recommend it for long term use. also, consider another phone if you text alot. texting on a keypad is annoying and strenuous.Simple phone but it works well. Had to call A T & T and go through their automated process which uses voice recognition. Once activated it works well. I use this as an "emergency phone" for my wife if your iphone malfunctions or she forgets to charge it.This review is for Samsung A157V. Pros: it is a light and straightforward to use no frill cheap phone. Voice quality is decent Cons: no camera. But to be fair it should be expected at this price point though. However, the stand by time sucks. I usually only get three days without even using it.The plastic backing comes off too easily, my father complains about it ( elder man ) about it coming off multiple times a day when its just sitting in his pocket. The speaker is not good enough for elderly adults, I was hoping it would be good enough. But no.This cheap flip-phone is what keeps me cool as a retro dude in iPhone hipsterville. Seriously though, it's cheap and it works. If you're smartphone resistant like me or just want a cheap unlocked phone you can use without a contract or whatever, this thing is fine. The user interface leaves a bit to be desired, but you don't really want to browse the web on a 1"x1" screen anyhow, do you? (Although if you want to, you could.)I No book I'm an unhappy camper Not really happy.had my old flip phone for years,, could not find a battery replacement when it died, I got the new phone, but no book of instructions, So it's a bummer of a deal.It was perfect for what I needed. It was a gift as well.It is a simple phone, durable and CLEAR. I did not realize it did not bring a SIM card with it - I don't know if the seller mentioned that or not because I don't recall - just beware you need to get a SIM card if you buy this phone.Bought this phone for my husband who only wanted a simple, easy to read, easy to use flip phone. This phone is well designed and very easy to use. So easy that my 83 yr old mother wanted one too! If you are looking for an alternative to a smartphone, this is a good choice.This Samsung phone has all the basic features. Voice, text, address file, etc. And it's very small compared to some of the smart phone monsters that will barely fit in a man's pocket. Just a darn good basic cell phone with a long battery life.OK phone. But, activation is bizarrely complex, activation required codes hidden on box and in documentation, plus the AT&T support web site pathetic. He web site is especially disappointing when used to activate supporting features such as loading gmail contact into the phone  it doesnt work. Moreover, one GoPhone account does not mean one set of IDs and passwords. Different AT&T web sites require different ID/password combinations. I thought AT&T was high tech. Trying to set up my new GoPhone has been a exercise in frustration and wasted time. If you want a simple, basic phone  look at other carries first.Nice, cheap little phone for those who need it. 15 bucks for an unlockable phone. No camera or fancy features just talk. You can google how to unlock this phone. It worked for me. (T mobile)Great phone with long battery life. Speakerphone is weakest part, coming out a bit garbled.I had an AT&T Chinese ZTE phone lasted about a year screen went blank and it had horrible battery life. I ordered this Samsung a157v put it on the provided charger removed the battery and popped in the AT&T go phone SIM card phone was up and running in less than two minutes no programming or unlocking needed for an existing go phone customer. My only mistake was the not saving my contact list on the old ZTE to the SIM card so I had to retype in my all my contacts (my error). For a basic GSM phone to make calls and send text this is the phone to have. The Samsung battery life (standby time), voice quality, reception and build quality are all excellent for this price point. I would add this phone is slimmer and lighter weight than the old ZTE. If you are a minimalist and/or a cheapskate like me and you tend to lose, drop, and abuse your phones this is the solution. I plan to buy a spare at this price why not have a backup phone a spare battery and charger ready to go.I hadn't realized that there is no camera, charger or instruction manual with this item. I've contacted Samsung for a copy of the manual and they say the product is not one of theirs made in the US. Can you help me?I buy these for my grandparents as cheapie AT&T phones. While they work fine most of the time, my grandmother is on her second device as the first just up and died. For the price they are tough to beat if you just need a basic phone.Perfect for a first time kid phone. No camera, no internet, BUT they are able to phone and text so we are able to keep in touch. Exactly what I wanted for the preteens.If you need only basic cell phone functionality, that easily fits into any pocket, this is the phone to buy. Battery duration is fantastic: one week between charges with several short calls per day usage.I needed a phone that worked in Canada for a month at a reasonable cost. The phone and a pre-paid plan from AT&T performed well. My only complaint was that when I accidentally pressed the "OK" button the browser was started and I was charged a few cents every time for the connection.I bought this phone for my daughter. She is using it on a friend's AT&T family call plan - she said she put her sim card in the phone and was making calls within minutes. Calls are crystal clear. Great buy.i ordered for my mother and its just what she wanted. mom is not very savy with new gadgets so i got her a fold over and it worked. the phone was was brand new and just what i needed for momSamsung a157V (AT&T) works very well and it good for the children who needs a cell phone when they are away from home.its really cheaply made, every time I drop it the battery cover falls off and the battery goes flying, but for $15 it really is a great phone.I purchased this phone to use as an extra phone for an additional line, I have. Very simple and easy to use. I just keep it plugged in at my house to use in case of emergencies.I bought this as a travel phone. My iphone doesn't have a sim card that I could find so for the price, this was a good backup. Plus I didn't have to worry about losing it. It was a bit retro to text, but otherwise it was great.My wife is always losing her phone as well as her replacement phones. Plus, she is always on her tablet, so she never uses the "smart" parts of her phone. So, when she dropped her last phone in the bath last week, I was done getting her nice phones! I found and ordered this little phone for cheap on Amazon Prime, and 15 hrs later it arrived at my door (I love Amazon Prime!). I put my wife's SIM card in, and the phone fired right up. It is perfect! It is small, fits in her pocket, is easy to use, and has great sound quality. She loves it. And I love it, too, especially since it will be cheap for me to replace it when she loses it next week!Very basic phone and not real sturdy. SIM card from ruined AT&T phone worked with no problem. Good for anyone needing an inexpensive no frills phone.Good productGreat !It should be made more clear this is a LOCKED phone programmed to AT&T SIM cards. "Easy to use in over 50 countries", but is that possible if this is a LOCKED phone? So, I tried the code "gomike" shared with us (and more sites online), and it worked here, in the US. Luckily, before I'd mail it to my folks in Europe, I did some more research looking for reviews of people who used the phone overseas. DO NOT USE THE CODE *2767*3855# if you want to use the phone in Europe. Your IMEI # will be erased and change to 0, which won't work with any of the European providers. Supposedly, if you skip that step and go straight to #*7337# (which will remove SIM lock and reset phone), this should do the trick. I was not able to try it myself since I could not restore my erased IMEI # to its original one. Amazon provided me once again with outstanding customer service. They took the phone back, and I got a full refund, even though I erased its IMEI #. Thanks AMAZON!Phone worked great for what it was. If you just want something simple this is a good phone. I've upgraded to a smart phone but actually kinda miss this phone.Got this phone as a back-up phone when I am traveling overseas. Works fine in Asia. Really easy to use with big buttons and display. Can be used internationally on any SIM once unlocked. Supplied charger works 110V to 240V. The phone uses old style normal size SIM cards. Sound quality is ok for a budget phone Unlocking is also no brainer.Good simple cell phone.Bought this as a backup if kids loose smart phone (let them suffer with 3 button text entry) until we get a new smartphone. Had opportunity to use it when iPhone 4 stolen from son a couple of weeks ago, it is very, very basic functionality, forget about using it for anything but making and receiving basic calls or checking email. He used it for a week until inexpensive replacement iPhone4 found on craigslist. A friend was burned buying iPhone on craigslist when the phone they bought was found to be blacklisted as stolen when setting up with carrier, so we made sure that seller came into AT&T store with us to confirm iPhone was legit, it was.Good price, ThanksNice little phone that has voice mail and old fashioned texting. It is easy to use and serves the purpose for my mobile work phone.Hey, you only need a phone call/ this will do it/talk as long as you want/neat,tight, simpleyou can find some key sequences online to unlock this phone. It works nicely with my tmobile sim card. nice cheap phone solutionWorks great!!!Reliable, cheap, great battery life.works well for a non smart phoneGreat phonegot this for my wife she is always loosing her cell phones she is tech challenged so this phone works great for herGood dependable telephone. Just what was needed. Great, wish there were a larger choice of these simple phones.GoodAs usual, best flip basic phone.We are looking for a non-smart phone and I bought this one which is very easy to use and it does its job.Great for an emergency phone.I bought two 157V Samsung phones for my kids; they are very reliable and simple with long lasting battery life.Very good to use only simply calling and receiving. Only one concern is the back cover easily to slip out.Good phone for seniors, easy to use, my mom loves it! :)works great and keeps battery life pretty long considering priceGreat price! Great product! ThanksGot this for my dad and he really likes it.good phonearrived as promised and was as expected.. fair price and prompt shipping..Great bargain. About the only thing cheaper is a cup of coffee. Every setting you can imagine and then some [the phone, not the coffee]; intuitive; haven't had to consulting the manual. DOES unlock for use with SIM of other GSM carrier[s]; however unlocking W-I-L-L erase the IMEI [resets to all zeros] -- that may be a problem for certain scenarios --regardless of which unlock method/code is used; #*7337# or *2767*3855# [both worked]. To unlock, remove old SIM and call the code. Then insert new SIM. Other useful codes: Show IMEI: call *#06#. Show lock status: call *#7465625#.it is a perfect flip-phone with easy to read numbers for my dad.Good basic phone, not fancy, we got it for our son as his first phone. Clear calls and easy to teach him to use. Best of all no data charges!very nice productPerfectgood value for priceFor a no frills phone its ok.My phone arrived on time. It came with the charger and it was softly used. What a great price. I now have an extra phone that works. Thank you very much.This phone is perfect for my grandma. She doesn't know how to use technology very well and does struggle with even this, but with all of the other phones available this is the perfect one for her situation. I was pleased with the price of this phone and its brand new!!not many flip phones but this one works great and came very fast.Brother is happy.ordered three to replace old AT&T units. Basic models but work greatgoodI hate telephones but when I saw the price of this one I bought it just in case I ever needed to call 9-11. Apparently all cellphones will allow 9-11 calls even if they're not activated. I haven't actually tried 9-11 yet because I hear that I'll get arrested if I do without there being an actual emergency, but I am keeping my eyes open for a good reason to call 9-11. Hopefully I'll run across an accident or a cat in a tree or something. Anything to see it it really works. But if you hate phones but need inexpensive (no charge after the phone is bought) emergency calling power this could be what you're looking for. I guess the clock and appointment calendar are extras. And another great thing is you can pretend you're on the phone when you don't want to talk to friends on the street. That alone makes it worth the price.Excelent price for simple generic unlocked GSM phones that worksI had a good sim card and my phone died so I needed a replacement for the best price I could find. This was it. I mainly use the phone for calls and text this does it well. The sound on my calls was loud and clear.I give this phone also the service of Amazon a 5. Very convenient as well as easy to set up and maneuver this product.Perfectly Fine Refurbished Phone!!!Just using my normal SIM card in this phone. It does your basic calling and texting. I'm used to texting on a touchscreen or full keyboard so I dislike punching in on the predictive text. One big drawback is there's no volume adjustment. Most of the time I don't need to adjust anything, but if it gets loud I have to adjust my location rather than just turn up the volume. I'd buy it again if I just need a basic phone.It worked for a little while, but after about 6 months, it stopped working altogether. SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKED. If this is all you can afford, buy extra batteries or something. I couldn't really figure out its problem, but I went back to smart phones, soooooo...yeah.ExcellentI got this phone for my 75 year old dad because it looks just like the one he had that died. He is very happy with it and it works great. It is just a plain phone without an internet plan.Had to buy two of these for my parents who are not into smart phones. They were coming off the old metal Razrs. These work fine. They are plastic but for the price, worth it without a doubt. Also good for an emergency backup phone. ATT, here.I got this product not knowing what to expect. It works great. It came with full battery, and came with a new sim card. It was a great buy. I dont use it for a ATT Go plan, I use it for everyday use. Great phone.Great little phone. Purchased for hubby. He just wants to use phone, no bells or whistles. Likes to be able to flip to answer or end calls. The only reason did not give 5 stars, the center navigation button opens the broswer instead of option to use address book. This key cannot be changed. Have to use right or left navigation button. Purchased to replace At&T contract phone, simple, just transfer SIM card from old phone to new. Hubby very happy with new phone.I needed to replace my phone and this model is not blue tooth compatible which I needed. It does however come with a charger which is not stated.pretty s***ty phone. its hard to program and you cant change the time on it. overall you get what you pay for i guessGOOD PHONE ONLY POINT I GAVE A 3 STAR BECAUSE ITS JUST BECAUSE ITS A FLIP PHONEPut my old SIM in and it worked!not what I thoughtA phone.....barelyworks wellWorks has discribeniceBattery doesn't last long.nice.We aren't into the fancy technologies of today. All we wanted was a phone, small and easy to use, and that is what we got with this. You can still do quite a bit with this - text, take pictures and a number of other things; but its still simple compared to the fancy iphones that are available. We needed a replacement phone for a really ancient flip phone. When we received it, we si.ply took out the SIM card in the old phone, put it in the new phone and sewers off and running.I am a very proud owner of Samsung products over the past several years ... They are very well made and very simple to use...key (#2) doesn't always work .. :(very light cell phone , good battery life , very useful to be backup phone or second phone , came with Go simDefault display font is small. Otherwise works fine. No fancy features but basic functions all work as intended. . .JUNK. Bought it called customer support and they said the phone is defective. No refund, and no replacement. Now I am left with no phone. It's all good. Went else where.Such a great starter phone. I didn't want a long contract or to pay for data for a kid's first phone. This is a throwback so it makes texting laborious, which is what I was going for and it has no data to over run or give access to things I don't want my kid to have access too. Seems durable enough and I doubt anyone wants to steal it or I have to worry about a shattered screen.Crap phonedidn't likeno camera.. no ability to keep speaker phone on when the phone is closed.the item did not indicate that it as a go phone.Does not work in INDIA, Wasted my $30 ..Fast delivery, I bought this phone for my mom because of the large number display and my mom loves it, she can hear it clearly. I am very happy with the product and the merchant. Thank youThis phone did not operate and was a waste of money.Nothing special but I bought these for 7 and 8 year olds first phone, perfect for that. They like them.For the price seems like a fairly solid phone with a good feel to it. Like the multiple alarm features and a decent voice message recorder. First tried putting my known good Consumer Cellular sim card in and see if it worked. It didn't. Then tried the unlock procedure and inserted my sim card again. The phone still didn't work. Got a "sim not allowed M#3" error message the same as other reviewers have noted. Re-inserted the sim card and re-entered the unlock codes several times to ensure I hadn't made a mistake. Note a few web sites I visited questioned the validity of the unlock procedure for the a157V model which apparently is an upgrade of the a157 for which the unlock procedure does seem to work. Will be calling Consumer Cellular to see if I can get it to work. Otherwise it's going back to Amazon. Update - Spoke with CC technical support. They say I should be able to insert their sim card into an ATT phone, including this GO phone, and it should work as ATT phones are unlocked. Which obviously it didn't. This suggests the phone itself doesn't work. So back it goes to Amazon. Next time I'll try it out in a Best Buy store to confirm it works before I buy. Update 2 - Went to Best Buy and had a tech support rep try out my SIM card in still another new out of the box a157 phone. Again didn't work. So now CC is sending me a new SIM card to try out. Best Buy cell phone tech support rep says this phone comes unlocked and is purchased by many of their customers who travel overseas. Will update again when I get the new SIM card. Update 3 - At first it still didn't work when I installed the new SIM card. However, through experimentation I finally figured out the problem was this phone's VERY POOR SIGNAL SENSITIVITY. Finally had success where the signal outside was strong. Note there was no need to "unlock" a new phone I had obtained. The net is I'm saving this phone as a backup and still using my nearly 10 year old Motorola phone which has no problem picking a signal up inside my home.I bought this phone at Walmart as the battery was going out in my other phone, which is a, I guess considered a smart phone. I bought this phone and it had AWESOME battery life. The numbers were big and it is just a simple phone. I had no trouble putting my SIM card in it. I love the charger that it came with and I use it with my smart phone that I had to purchase a new battery for. The smart phone chargers are just a pain in the butt to me!I dropped and broke my $600, 3 month old Samsung Galaxy S4, I had to ship it to Samsung in Texas and was told it could be up to 2 weeks before I receive my S4 back. I can go without the data and the other smartphone doo-dads for a couple of weeks but I needed something cheap just to make and receive calls in the meantime. And This phone fits the bill. It's built better and the and call quality is better than I expected. If this was anything besides a no frills phone I would have given it 1 star. But for 15 bucks it is great for just making calls and texting.On my own most of the time and I realized that I really should have a cell phone when driving. Large numbers easy to read. The phone came in a sealed box that would defy Godzilla's efforts to open. The huge instruction book is a bit daunting. But my daughters have got me set up and running. Signed up with the Lycamobile phone plan that several Amazon customers recommended. So far all OK. The phone comes with a wall plug charger and I recommend a car type charger be purchased. NGCMy mother uses this phone and keeps it in her purse. One very important observation I made was that the ring from an incoming call can be completely muted just by having the two slits on the back of the phone covered up. They can easily be covered up with just one finger, or in my mom's case, with other items in her purse. She often missed calls, even though she had her phone so close to her. For that reason alone, I'm getting her a different basic phone.Got this to give to my kid as a punishment phone. You'd of thought I was the devil. Phone worked good the whole time she was on restrictions, battery lasts for days, my texting and data rates went down.The absolute best feature is its keyboard layout. The keys are relatively large, brightly back-lit with nice, bold, easy to read numbers. Another great feature is the phone's styling... it's sleek, streamlined, lightweight... very compact and sports an appealing smooth, glossy black finish. And, it's comfortable and convenient enough to carry in a shirt or pants pocket. The weakness with this phone, is in one aspect of its construction. Overall, it's very well made with the consistency of Samsung's reliability and high quality performance. But, the removeable sliding back panel (battery compartment cover) is very thin; and, looks and feels as though it could easily bend and break. Fortunately, the only time that you'd really ever need to open/ close the back cover is when you initially insert the SIM card and install the battery. So, the fragile construction of the battery cover is almost a non-issue; but worth mentioning... just be careful when you slide it because its thinness makes it very easy to misalign. The only significant drawback is its lack of an external volume toggle (rocker.) So, other than activating the "Speaker Phone" option, the only way to permanently increase/raise the volume level is to go to the Menu... select "Settings"... then go to the "Sound" profile... change the sound setting option from "Normal" (the default setting) to "Outdoor" (its optimum volume setting.) Otherwise, the sound quality for both incoming and out-going calls is crisp and clear. All-in-all, this is a simplified, no-nonsense, bare-bones phone that's both affordable and easy to use. And while it's by no means perfect, for the price... it's quite nice!This is a phone, pure and simple. After spending hundreds on a smartphone and a hundred bucks or more per month for the smartphone plan, I dumped all that and purchased this little thing. $15 for the phone and $25/month for minutes. Plus, i get unlimited texting...not that I'll be doing a lot of texting on this keyboard, but I do receive a lot of texts! Pros. I love that I can leave this phone for *DAYS* without having to worry about the battery. Color screen is vibrant! Plus, when dialing, the numbers are HUGE on the screen so I don't need to use my glasses to see what it is I'm dialing! I love that it also takes my now standard USB mini?(Micro?) plug to charge so all my old chargers will just work with this phone Cons. Non-standard earphone jack...gotta use a converter to use a standard earphone. The shiny case gets scuffed up pretty easily and it will start to look trashed after a couple of months. No camera. I have replaced my smartphone with a tablet. I don't get it...a Samsung Tablet with 4G data costs less than a Samsung phone. Through AT&T I got their 2GB/month data plan for $30. So total, my voice and data is less than if I purchased a smartphone. And the phone plus tablet costs less than a smartphone too! Sure, I have to use two devices, but I find that rather convenient! i can talk and text at the same time!Usually when you use a "dumbphone" such as this it is a royal pain to text. With this phone however there are multiple keyboard settings. One of these settings is predictive typing where you only have to touch the key with the letter you want and it'll spell the word for you. No longer do you have to hit each key multiple times to get a specific letter. This phone also supports 3G though the screen is kind of small for browsing regularly. I purchased this phone while my smartphone was being fixed so I can say that if you are on an at&t contract and have a microsim card this phone will work. You will have to position the sim card just right for it to work though, and make sure you attach something to it so you will be able to get the card back out.if you want a phone that makes phone calls, receives phone calls and takes messages, this is your phone. why pay more?Good phone for price. Its great for daily usage of talking.Worked fine right out of the box. I put my old SIM card into it and it worked right for a week and then stopped. Talked to AT&T, it turns out I need a new SIM card (which they gave me at no charge) since my old SIM card still said Cingular on it, that's how old it was. Working fine now.CongratsGoodhave to return it , previous owner left their data on it , impossible to activate.One of the best basic phone, very handy and convenientThought I was getting a deal. Turns out this guy is just selling really expensive bricks. The phone was in great working order, nothing physically wrong with it. No scratches, dents or dings and it even came with a charger when the listing said it wouldn't. Put in a SIM card and it wouldn't connect to the network. I tried to get it put on myself, and it didn't work so I took it to a T-Mobile store. They said it was IMEI blocked since MAY 2015. I bought this November 2016.Phone will not charge internal battery. I purchased 2 extra batteries and have the same problem. Also, I paid for overnight shipping and received 3 day shipping. I may have to return phone.Battery charges very quickly. All I had to do was pop in a Sim and additionl optional 32gb memory card No problems what so ever. I know the Samsung Galaxy note 10 is all the rage right now, but for around a hundred bucks this galaxy note 3 serves my needs very well. Worked great right out of the boxThe phone is in great condition, looks new. The operating system is great also. The only complaint that I have (reason for 3 stars) is that the battery drains too soon. I charge it overnight, it's 12:00pm and I already got a "Low battery" warning. I purchased this phone to replace the same I had before (note 3) so I know how long the battery should last.I didnt recieve the correct phone. The phone advertised here was a note 3. What I recieved was a LG G5. I even read the description before purchasing and it said nothing about an LG G5. I didnt have the time to return packages due to my schedule so now Im stuck with a phone I never wanted in the first place. Please fix this.I bought from the New & Used section. Seller advertised it as T-Mobile locked which is fine since I have a T-Mobile Sim; I hear phones don't update if there's a foreign Sim card in it. It wasn't, it was AT&T unlocked. Other than that I've really had no problems with my phone.Had to return this phone because the memory card would not make proper contact. No hassle free return. I purchased another Note 3 from the same company and have had no issues.Item as described and arguably better. It was like new to me... I was able to just pop in my Sim and I've been up and running since.The phone is in excellent condition. I put my Sim card in and it worked without any problems. I've been using the phone for four days and the battery has not given me any issues. Very pleased.Very little cosmetic damage on sides from regular use , works excellent.I had one at full price. But love this one more cause the price. Felt like a new phone. Didn't feel like a newer note 7 was needed as its not much of a change. Maybe note 10 lololIt says it's Tmobile ready, it's actually ATT, it will not work for me , I'm very frustrated with this purchase !The seller was great and the phone arrived a couple days before expected, the only issue I have is with the phone itself. It kind of freezes up a little sometimes and often drops calls (didn't have the dropped calls issue before this phone). Overall it's still a pretty nice phone and I honestly don't mind the minimal freezing that it does, I just wish it wouldn't drop my calls so often.my camera is not working well and why do my battery not charge upThis is a really good phone but get a screen protector cause the screen breaks easy. And not only that but the phone came out in 2013 it could be a little cheaper.The cell phone I received came packagef with a micro charger instead of a charger that would actually charge theNote 3 phone I purchased.Great phaplet.great phone for the priceFunctions properly, no issues with the software. Hardware had minimal damages to edges of the phone. Nothing outstanding or anything worthy of notice. I don't know what else to say. This was a great purchase for a great price.Item came fast. Description as advertised. Thank you.The note 3 phone was in great condition exactly what I ordered I was very happy with my purchase and would recommend to others happily. . Thank you.Looks almost new! A happy wife, a happy man :-)So far so good. My Wife loves it.If it could stay updated with the newest it would still be the bestBattery sucked had to buy a brand new one plus charger wouldn't charge the phone so also had to buy a chargerThank you very muchPhone in good condition. Came in a timely fashion. Just put sim and mem. card in and it worked. Good price.I havr family mobile and this phone won't work.. I've used other T-Mobile phones but this one won't seem to work. I've tried everything.Phone came in on time. Looks great and works. Had an issue with the battery, however they replaced it with no problems.The phone is nice but I can't use my t-moble data and I also wanted the locked phone witch is what I payed for but it was unlocked so I can't use wifi calling that's another reason I bought the phonelove it,The phone works fine except for the speaker. When I use the speaker function the sound of both voices is distorted.Love the big screen and easy to use.there is a crack top left corner which will let moisture into phone. not please at all. was supposed to be in beater shape.Arrived in great condition!Thid phone was stolen,,,,,, when I tried to hook it up with a company the,,,,, imei number was blocked,,,,, so don't buy!!!!!!!Batter sucksI love it, thank you so much!Love it!Very good contentExcellent phone. Works and looks great.GreatExcellent!!!Love this phoneGreat phone. Easy to navigate. Love the galaxies.I am pleased with the purchase. Good job.Yes it didPoor qualityHorrible. My previous comment was deleted. I haven't been able to get in contact with anyone.I've had this phone for a week, so far so good. Phone was in perfect cosmetic Condition. Phone looks and operates awesome.Why was the charger sharp brandIt was perfectWorks pretty good, only thing is the battery goes REALLY FAST.. a few scratches as expected but would like a better battery.Bought this phone and received it today and I'm returning it tomorrow, first of all I got a black one not a white, the screen in the front is lifting off, and the battery bulging out the back.. Very disappointed.Great phoneI've owned a note 3 since it came out and it's a great phone. When my wife's S4 went on the fritz I got her this phone that was prepared for T-Mobile. The phone arrived in super Packaging very professional and it came with everything as described in the ad. The phone was in near-perfect condition and it's been working flawlessly now for over a month. The price was great considering that my phone was almost $650 when it was new. I highly recommend a Note 3 if you're looking to save money and still have a great phone! Thank you!I recently bought this phone to replace my fiance's old one. I've had the Note 3 for sometime now, and it's been my favorite phone ever, so much that I haven't even wanted to upgrade. So, knowing that the phone is a good one, I didn't hesitate for this price. The phone came in a small box with only a travel charger (universal, which can be used effectively). The screen's condition was surprisingly good. Just very small scratches, which after placing a screen protector on, you can't even see. There are small signs of wear and tear along the frame or outside of the phone. My own phone has them too, and that I usually attribute to switching cases or constantly rubbing or dragging the phone on hard surfaces, like a desk or table. Just normal wear and tear, nothing major. I still think it was a great buy for the price. The phone was almost fully charged when it arrived, and turned right now. We set it up, and it's been working fine from what I know. It's been about three days, and I hope it continues this way. I may post an update later on if anything goes wrong. But the point is, if you don't want to break the bank on a new one (which although an old model still costs $300 or more), then my answer to you is, yes. I'd recommend buying this phone from this vendor.This product was very, very problematic. The reason I ordered this product was because I noticed that there was a return policy. The charger only worked for the first day, and there was a small chip on the right side of the phone. Although the chip was bearable, the most annoying problem was that the S finder would open without me doing anything every two seconds. This started after 5 days of having the product and when looking it up, it seems to be a hardware problem. It would be much, much better to just buy a refurbished phone from T-mobile.Only have had a few days yet but arrived with no scratches on the screen or body, looks new seems to be working great, will update if any problems happen but right now, really really happy with my purchase, thank youMy previous Note 3 was great. This one has to be defective. It has been freezing since I received it. It goes black. The screen freezes. Sometimes, it won't let me answer a call, the screen just will not respond. The back casing was brittle like it had dry rotted. I ended up putting my old back on the new phone. Now, the battery drains quickly and the phone gets hot to the touch whether I am talking on it or not. Bought a warranty but they told me to call Samsung.The phone was in great condition and it worked very well out of the box, the paint on the frame is a bit chipped but this takes away nothing from the device. The screen wasn't broken, there was no carried over data from the previous user, and there was nothing wrong with Bluetooth and WiFi, it was perfect for the price. The ONLY flaw is that it did NOT come with the charger shown in the pictures, now I don't know if this is amazon's fault since they like to show the same info for products that are similar, or if the company just gave me an LG charger because it was lying around useless..but other than that it was a REALLY great purchase.I dislike the fact that my phone is not working properly. When I make a call, it calls someone I didn't click. Other Strang actions have been happening, I can't even explain.phone was acting up the first week i had it, i called tech support, but did not do anything, i gave it an additional 2 weeks, still no better sent it backGot this for my boyfriend he loves it! Only reason i am giving it a 4 star is because it didn't come with the correct changer.Awesome!Don't buy very scratched! Very disappointed should put real pics of cellThe phone is broken and will not read any SD cards.Great product for the priceI love the phone. The only issue is I think the battery is faulty. It is running down very fast. I'm going to have to replace it.This phone sucks they stop working less than a month later dont waste your moneyIt was for my mom who lost her note 6 and wanted something similar!! She says she loves it and its like brand newGiven as a gift to my son for Christmas. He loves this phone.Works perfect, and it looks new.I love this phonePerfect shipment and arrival. Battery is practically like new. All accessories acounted for.Very happy great phone!I love the Samsung Galaxy Note3 phoneLooked damn near brand new. Battery was almost fully charged. Pen works. Shipped fast. Highly recommend!best phone everSo far no problems. Just got it up and workingWorks with t mobile, works just like a brand new phone. Thank you, this is just what I expected.Son loves this phone and has not looked back since he switched from his Nokia 920. He put a 64GB MicroSD and has never looked back.So far this phone has been great. I bought this phone after sending my Lumia 925 through the washing machine. I get much better signal strength with this phone than I did with the lumia. Also the battery life is much better. I often can get two days on one charge, and the Lumia often had to be recharged mid way through one day. The seller got the phone to me in one day, just happen to be in the same city.i would like to have a nother one i love it but cant find it onyour phone pageis what i exceptWTRii, July 1, 2014 Great features! I bought and got this about three weeks ago. It work very good, takes beautiful pictures and video. Internet works good. Phone is great for calling, talking, and getting and sending text on messenger. I am using the Bible using PocketBible; this is very great to read and listen, just what I needed. The only thing that I want is to be updated to Windows 8.1. But, I called AT&T yesterday to ask about being updated on 8.1, and they checked on it, then called me back in five minutes and told me that it will be about 16 days when the update will be done. I will send more to let others know about it then. ----------------------------------------------------------- WTRii, July 23, 2014 July 2, 2014, I was told by AT&T that my Samsung ATIV S Neo would update to Windows 8.1 in about 15 days. It is now 21 days later, and AT&T has not released an update for my Samsung AT&T. So, we called to talk to AT&T again, and to ask about when the update on 8.1 is to be done. On July 23, 2014, some one there checked on it, and then told me that the updated started on July 15, but it was only for the Nokia cell phones. But, someone at AT&T told me that my Samsung ATIV S has not been updated yet. So, I am still waiting. I dont know if the problem is Windows Phone or Samsung.Pros - Great call audio, loud speaker, lightning fast browsing, Windows 8. Cons - Only comes in one color, people always ask "is that a Galaxy S4? (they are extremely similar)"bad sim card slot design.worked for a long tie until I sat on it and damaged the lcdJust the righ size, and does all the windows phone things that I want, and most of the things I was doing on my iPhone are covered. Just waiting to push Starbucks and my HSBC bank to get on the Windows phone app and I would be even more ecstactic, but the apps and things I like to do on my phone other than talk and text are all so well covered. I do like reading a lot, fiction and work - related non-fiction, and my Amazon e-books on the avaialble kindle e-reader is one of the best implementation I have seen.I own all three of what would probably be considered the main 3 upper level Windows phones of this generation (the 1020 or mini tablet types are probably more niche phones)--the Nokia 925, Samsung Ativ and HTC 8x. Of the three I would probably rate the Samsung as the strongest phone overall (none of them is "perfect" IMO). The Samsung wins this accolade in my book by virtue of it's stellar battery life (and it is removable/replaceable as well), the sd slot for increased storage, and it's slightly larger, vibrant screen. Call quality and reception are decent, and it has no problems with being picky about wireless like the 925. It's main handicap is a mediocre camera which shoots in 4:3 rather than the widescreen the Nokia and HTC shoot in, though quality wise the HTC is no better and probably not quite as good as the Samsung. The 925 has a better camera, and the HTC has better call quality and is more comfortable, but they both have fairly poor battery life, the 925 has wireless issues and the HTC's camera isn't great either, so overall the Samsung takes top honors in my book since it only has one shortfall, while the others have more than one (and poor battery life out of the box when the battery can not be replaced is a biggie).The phone arrived immediately and in perfect condition. This phone is replacing my old DroidX, which held a charge for about 3 days. This phone barely holds a charge for 24 hours, even though I've turned off gps and anything else I've been able to identify. otherwise, I'm pleased with it.Forward facing camera stopped working after a month so I am out of the return period. I found its a common problem with this phone looking at forums for a fix.good qualityThis phone is a total piece of crap. Why scam people by lying about the product? You can't record or watch videos, the microphone does not work, and the Bluetooth does not connect. If it does not work, THEN DO NOT SELL IT!!!!I like the phone and may buy one for a family member.My husband loves this phone! Well worth the money and great conditionvery good phone .still working till now. wish the memory is expandable.this phone work just passed 30 days and just stop working sent a request to return it to bender and have not got a response Pleased do not buy from this bender.Excellent phone. Best Android I've Had!!! Great customer serviceThe phone in the picture is not the phone I received.this was a great purchase I have received telephone less than 24 hours after placing the order. I like the link of the battery Google's hands free option and the speed of the camera. I also like the shaking the camera comes on for quick response.Great product. Very accurate.Is good phone.Live it. Better than I thought it would be :-)Sweeeeet phone ...awesome place to buyUnderrated, IMHO. I've had this phone for over two years and I think it's great! Reliable. Doesn't lock up or crash. (Google owns Motorola and keeps Android up to date and solid.) Voice quality is excellent. Clearer than my spouse's Samsung Note 4, IMO. Receiver sensitivity and transmitter power is also very good. (Peak phone output transmitter power is something most phone specs don't cover, BTW -- but it's very important if you travel or live outside of an urban area.) The native audio volume controls do not allow different settings for different functions (media versus voice calls) but I downloaded an app that fixed this. Screen characteristics on a newer Samsung (S5, S6, or Note 4) are better in terms of brightness and pixel density, but I was looking for a solid cell phone and media viewing was only a secondary priority. Summary: If you are looking for a quality smartphone that prioritizes cell phone quality over media "flash" this model is an excellent value, IMHO.I love this phone and all it's features! The reason I didn't give it five stars is because the glass on it is very fragile and breaks easy. You need to have a phone case like an Otter Box to protect it. I dropped mine once and the glass cracked multiple places. One month later while on a phone call the screen went black and never turned back on.I have had this phone for a week now and it is working GREAT!! Faster than my old phone. It is like every thing else you need to use it to like it.perfect specswould love to use phone but unable to unlock the network. have tried multiple times different ways but nothn and always said no unable to read sim card even when inserted nothing happens at all. can anybody help me? would definetly add 5 starsExcelenteit was a gift for my sister couple months later she starting complaining about itbest price for longest battery life. this is my second xt1080. I tried the iphone 6 plus and the battery life was half at best but the screen was easier to see in the sun which doesn't matter if the battery diesWas as advertised and was delivered on timeI'd like it so much !excelenttLike new condition, so far very happy :)good product would buy againSo far so good.Died in 3 months.I am a happy T-mobile customer. But... When I travel into the countryside or forests of the Western United States the availability of T-Mobile's network drops off quickly. Verizon seems much more reliable in distant locations so I wanted a verizon phone that I could use when traveling and vacationing. For $45/mo I can activate service month to month. The Moto G on prepaid no commitment subsidy is a great deal. Lacks the screen size and storage of my nexus 5 but works almost as well. With the moto g as soon as you turn it on it wants to call verizon hq and activate. You can do this without giving verizon a credit card and use it as a wifi device. You could also go buy a prepaid service card at a store. Pay cash and leave no trace back to you. Great for international spies, or folks who don't use credit cards. Activation gives the phone a phone number. I assume it also starts the clock on the verizon unlocking policy. After 6 months the phone can be used on any verizon plan. And after 12 months you can request an unlock code and use it on any carrier that has a CDMA network. ie sprint or virtual carriers like boost, page plus, tracfone, net10 or straight talk. The unlocking policy currently says nothing about the phone being used for calls, just ''activated'' for 6 and 12 months. For me I probably will just use verizon prepaid service since the cost is competitive currently and it is access to the verizon network I'm after. I've not tested it, but supposedly the phone can be used to make 911 calls without a current plan in place so it could be a handy item for emergencies. Again with the good rural coverage. The battery does not pop out for quick swaps but it is a simple matter to replace it with a screwdriver. As many have said, the moto g is about as sturdy as a smart phone can be. People have even soaked them in water for half an hour with no serious damage! Try that with your $800 flagship phone. For people who want to explore the moto g to greater degrees I've read that there is an online service that will unlock the bootloader for $25. If you don't know what that is, never mind. According to the page plus community the same phone for Boost mobile (sprint) has less locking of its bootloader. Not an expert so I'll stop there. So many great reasons to own the moto g. Enjoy. Hope this was helpful. Please click if it was. ThanxI picked this up to use as a WiFi device with no immediate intention of activating Verizon prepaid service. The first thing you notice about this phone versus others is that it forces you through an activation process via a phone call with an automated Verizon robot. That was a little disturbing given why I bought it, however if you go through the process, it creates a Verizon account, you set the PIN for the account, and it assigns you a phone number, and the LAST step of the activation process is to enter payment information. If you hang up on the call on the last payment step, the phone will come to life with the assigned phone number, and it works as a WiFi device, even though it now has an assigned Verizon phone number. If you hang up before that point it continues to force you through the process - so go all the way through except payment. I took one star off for forcing customers through this activation process before you can use the phone. As other reviews say, it can't be beat for $99. The 4.5" form factor is noticably smaller than say the Nexus 5 and Galaxy S3/4, 720P screen is nice, and I also was able to upgrade to Kit Kat 4.4.2 OTA over WiFi. The music player also sounds great. One disturbing note is that leaving it without mobile service and WiFi connected overnight it drained the battery to zero. Putting the device in airplane mode and only turning on WiFi seems to have fixed that - it drained from 100% to 63% overnight with those settings.I came to this phone from an iPhone 5 (Verizon) and a Samsung Galaxy S3 (Virgin Mobile). Both of those phones were in themselves superior to this phone in just about every way, although battery life and voice quality on the Moto G is clearly superior to the Samsung. The deciding factor for me was that the price of the prepaid was far less on Verizon's network, which I found negates any advantage of the superior hardware on the Virgin network. If you're in love with Apple's OS, can pay the premium, and want a higher quality camera, stick with the iPhone. While I love Mac otherwise, I prefer the Android experience, so this made sense for me. To each his own. Bang for buck wise, I think this blows any offering on Virgin out of the water, due to the the network's limitations. Voice quality has been great, camera is passable, size is good, display is pretty good, network/GPS connectivity has been pretty darnn good. All in all, I give this five stars because this phone is good to really good but not great in so many areas, but paired with the network and the price, it is a perfect fit for this non-power user who still demands what may now be considered basic levels of smart phone performance. I'd highly recommend this to non-status conscious users who just want a functional good deal.This phone is the best deal out there. Simple things combine to make a great phone. I love how it fits my hands, which are small, and it still has a big screen - the phone is thin, nicely curved. I love the clarity of the screen. I love that it has as much RAM and internal storage as much more expensive phones, and comes with current version Android instead of earlier versions like other low-end phones. I love how fast it is. I like that it has Gorilla Glass, and that it is still very responsive to my touch. I like that I can turn it sideways to use a bigger on-screen keyboard for inputting text to to dial or message or fill online forms. It charges quickly and the battery is a lot better than the battery was on my previous non-smartphone LG slider, so I don't mind that it doesn't have a replaceable battery. I always charge phone and tablet every night anyhow, but it doesn't really always need it if I haven't played a lot of games or spent a lot of time online or made a lot of calls that day. Lasts long enough for my needs! I was going to return it because it could not be activated on PagePlus because of Verizon's rules for its service resellers, but I really couldn't find another phone anywhere as nice for the price that would work with PagePlus (which is now owned by TracPhone anyhow, no longer independent), so I decided to go direct to Verizon prepaid instead. Which is OK - they now have a prepaid plan with unlimited text & messaging where you get 1 Gb of data/month instead of 500 Mb if you use autopay - for $45, same as most other companies' prepaid programs. I use autopay anyhow so I don't forget to pay on time - they let you set up the payment date of choice. And I use it with wifi for data whenever I can, including at home, so that means lots of free streaming stuff. It's not a 4G phone, but it still seems to keep up with my needs. I do miss the ability to store stuff on a micro-SD card, but it has enough internal storage to keep lots of apps and also some pix, if you offload extra photos & videos to your pc or tablet regularly with either bluetooth or micro-USB. Also - I do not have the best hearing, but don't have a hearing aid. Call quality is good, not fabulous, but is loud enough and clear enough for me, and on speaker, sounds fine. I do have a problem with cheek-dialing (or cheek-hangup), however, but that's not the phone's fault! I'm glad I kept it. All manufacturers should take note of this phone when they think about budget phones, and upgrade their products. I only hope they find a way to include a micro-SD card next go-round, but it is still worth owning.It is a real smart phone with performance equal to the newer contract phones many of my friends have recently purchased. Has gorilla glass, good front and rear cameras, fast processor and great 4.5 inch sharp display. This phone replaces a HTC 3g Droid that ran ginger bread, the difference is amazing. I primarily use phone as a Kindle reader which it has worked well. Be advised the G stands for Google and it definitely has a presence on the phone. The phone is inexpensive so if I break it, I can just buy another. I have been a Verizon pre-paid customer for many years and now I almost want to thank them for making this phone available. Not going to thank Verizon though I will continue paying them $60 per month to use this cool phone on their very good network. 3G only, no micro-SD card slot, feels a bit slippery in my hand especially the back. Updated 10-19-2014 I have owned this phone for 10 months now and have important news to share! Verizon has a new plan which is $45 month with auto-pay and 1 gig data included, unlimited talk ,text. As I am not a heavy data user, I am thrilled. You still get Verizon coverage which is important for me. Verizon pre-paid site is hard to use but worth the hassle. As far as the phone has performed I am completley happy. Moto G has a really good reputation. I have found the sound quality is only OK. My purpose in updating my review today is: I had to release my hold on the phone while riding my bike. I was in a storm drain at the time so there was no traffic. The phone flew forward and hit HARD the corner of the phone on concrete. Due to my jungle cat like reflexes I avoided running over it with my bicycle. The first thing I thought was my Amazon review and how I could buy another one. The next thought was I do not want to spend another $90 right now. Imagine my surprise when I retrived the device and it functioned prefectly! This was a 6 foot drop at 5 mph. It's true, though I find it hard to fathom. It was protected with a $3 Fosmon gel cover, and an Illuminsheild screen prtector. The phone has proved durable, get updates fast, and did not break when I was sure it would.This is a great phone! I actually have a much better phone, but since I cannot transfer it to US phone providers, I got this as a temporary solution, but got surprised by the overall experience owning this one. Phone: I have the phone for 3 months now, and the Moto G is a really good phone, it's powerful enough to run all the apps I needed including some heavy 3D ones. The phone respond well to all my needs, and I got almost 100 apps installed. The only thing obviously is that if you have more than 6 to 8 apps running at the same time, you will get some serious slow-downs and some crashes. But Overall, the experince with this really affordable phone is piratically the same as the high tagged ones. Totally worth! Verizon: I'm surprised by Verizon service quality, the setup was pretty easy and you can get your phone to work in 10 mins tops. The on-line control for your credits is great and helps to get the credit on track. The internet is really balanced, no-slow downs or services failure or missing signal, I traveled very far within the US with this phone and got full service all the way. The unlimited talk and text is gold! Love it! I'm really considering keep this temporary solution as long term one!My Thoughts: On the list to be updated to Android's latest OS Lollipop, you won't find a more up-to-date phone at this price! Pictures and videos are clear and crisp with the Moto G's 720p resolution. The 5mp camera may seem a bit low-end, but it's sufficient for my amateur photography skills. It has 8 GB total internal storage with about 5+ GB available to the user. With no slot for external storage, this may be an issue for some. But again, I personally don't feel the need for more than that. I have never experienced an issue with lagging during gameplay, and streamed video plays smoothly. Conclusion: If you're looking for a true Android experience without breaking the bank, the Moto G is the phone you're looking for.Received this phone today. Used the built-in app to sign up with Verizon and both times voice prompts asked me to pay I answered "Later." Went to Tracfone site for "Bring Your Own Phone" bought an activation card ($9.99) entered the MEID. Within minutes my old Tracfone went dead and the new Moto G went live. Signed on my account with Tracfone and asked for my old number be transferred to this phone. Bought a 30 minute card and received triple minutes, texts, and data. Whole thing took less than an hour. No six month wait for Verizon to release the MEID. In addition, along the way received an update to Android 4.4.4. I am a *very* happy customer, THANKS AMAZON!Very nice phone! Works smoothly, and it feels comfortable in my hands! Even though I haven't activated my monthly plan by Verizon, I can still use free apps such as "Oovoo" to make phone calls, instant messaging, and face chat. (As long as I'm near WiFi). It takes pictures, records, runs games like "Five Nights at Freddy's" and other necessities that other top brand smartphones have. My phone currently runs Android 4.4 (KitKat), so it runs pretty smooth and fast. However, I would not recommend this phone for "Tech Savvy" people who want to download multiple apps or take multiple pictures. It takes up a lot of data and eventually becomes slower. It's best used for people like me who just want a sophisticated smartphone for emergency purposes, playing simple games, or making quick calls.Yeah it's great, I haven't even activated it yet and still love it, I use it on WIFI only and it's works very well. There are apps out there that allow calling over WIFI you just have to find the few that will work as many of them will not but WIFI is so prevalent these days that unless you need to call from your car or you are outdoors away from any wifi signal yo don't even need to activate this, in fact my Wife has a $15.00 flip phone with a very cheap cell service that we can use if we need to make calls, for everything else there is almost always wifi nearby and I haven't needed to post anything that urgently that I can't wait till I can get to a signal. The GPS does work without a mobile or wifi connection, the display on this phone is awesome! Holds charge well, no regrets on my purchase...You should get one! If for no other reason it makes a great, small tablet..I had some doubts when deciding on buying this phone, like if it would be fast enough, if the battery would last long enough or even if itwas durable enough. Those thoughts went away quickly as soon as I got this phone, but still have some problems with it. Pros: It has plenty of battery life to last full day with with moderate use, but sometimes I don't take it easy on this phone and it gets around 3 hours of battery life (On a Full Charge). The camera is better than I expected taking clean and clear pictures. I suggest using HDR mode for cleaner photo, but to get the best picture you need to be outside in sunlight The speed of this phone is decent for many task like checking Instagram, Twitter and Facebook and light Web browsing is quick and snappy with gaming being smooth on MOST games unless they are graphicly intense like asphalt 8, goat simulator and some emulators. The durability is above my expectations as I dropped this on the side walk and it still didn't crack I also carry this in my pocket with some coins and the screen doesn't scratch up the so the screen. The screen looks really good for the price of this phone at a 720p display with 329 ppi you could say it's on par with the iPhone 5 but I couldn't tell me the difference. The speakers are pretty loud, louder than I expected but the sound is still distorted when you get the volume high, but other than that it's pretty good. Call quality is decent from the other end people said I sounded clear and I had no problems with dropped calls. Cons:There are no 5 ghz bands on this phone and this phone is 3g only This phone has no nfc Whenever you return to the home screen some times the apps need to take a second to load which is which constantly annoyed me. This phone may not get a lot of scratches but it gets a lot of smudges which makes the phone hard to see in direct sunlight and without the smudges the daytime visibility is still terrible. There are some dead pixels on my moto g and this may be a result of manufacturing errors and only extends to this phone but it is a problem. There is no way to get a battery percentage on this phone and I have looked and can't find one This device hasn't gotten lollipop yet as of this review and still has kit Kat, but Verizon plans to get it on this phone. This device can't be rooted and the bootloader can't be unlocked on Verizon. No expandable storage Overall this phone has really good speed and can handle everyday task decently it may not have the best specs and have the latest software, but if you want a phone that gets things done I recommend this phone.I would love to give this phone 5 stars. Excellent speed, quad core processor, it's got a GPU in it, not much of one but hey, for the price of the phone, it's good. I really don't have a complaint about this phone other than one thing. And it's a pretty big thing, enough to warrant 3 stars when I want to give it 5. There is no SD slot, and it doesn't say there isn't one. It's 2015, SD card is pretty much standard, I mean crap, my DROID X that came out in 2010 has an SD card slot, my stupid non-smart-prepaid phone has an SD card slot and yet this doesn't? Now many people would see this as not a big deal since it has 8 GB of internal memory. Those people fail to understand that's the TRUE memory, take away the room for the operating system and updating the apps that CANNOT be removed unless you root your phone, and you're down to about 5 GB of room. And even still, people would say that that's still a lot of room, which in reality, depends on your needs/wants. You like to take a lot of photos? That memory is going to go down fast. Like to download a lot of good quality (Hearthstone, Cytus, Plants vs. Zombies, etc) that's going to go down even faster. Like to have a lot of music? 4 albums is an average of 350 MB depending on the quality (more compression = worse quality). And I have a good 6 GB of music on my SD card as is. And I like to take photos, listen to music and download apps, but I can't really do too much of that without an SD card. It really sucks because I love everything about this phone but the lack of SD card slot (which I will say after investigating, there is a spot for it, they were going to add it but saved it for the second gen of it which is just a way of getting more people to spend their money on it, which sounds like an Apple move to me) is a big thing to not have, TL;DR. Amazing phone, no SD card slot, can't do too much extra stuff (apps, music, photos) without an SD card.$100 is an absolute STEAL for this phone. My primary phone is a Galaxy Note 3. I use this device as a wifi only pseudo IPOD. A thief stole my iPod ($300) from my job. So I purchased this device, DID NOT activate it and use it solely as an iPod replacement. I regularly play Pandora, use Skype for occasional calling and placed multiple music playlists on the device. There are nearly 6 GB of free space on this device out of the box. The device is constructed very well, call quality is excellent, and for $100 I have no complaints. Again, this device is a steal. If I were on a budget, this would be my device of choice. CNET rates this device as THE BEST BUDGET SMARTPHONE. I wholeheartedly agree. BUY ONE !!!There are plenty of detailed reviews out there if you are interested. For me, I love the low price ($45) and the ability to use with my Verizon Prepaid plan ($45 / month). The device is sufficient for me for basic usage. I mainly use google maps, email, youtube, weather, that sort of thing and the device performs well enough. I just wish I had more than 8 GB of storage, as that only leaves you ~5.5GB of real space, which can fill up very quickly. That didn't stop me from buying a second on of these in case my phone breaks. I mean why not, when it's only a bit more expensive than a nice phone case.This phone is the EXACT phone I paid $30 more for on Verizon's site. (also the same $30 more at retailers such as Walmart) My husband, I and my daughter all have this Moto G. It's a great phone with all the bells and whistles you'd expect from a newer Android. It runs on Kit Kat and the battery life is the BEST I have EVER had. We really wanted to break free from the contracts, but didn't want to pay $500 for a phone upfront. I was skeptical when I first bought this for my husband and I, but it's every bit as good as my last Droid or my daughter's Moto X. The ONLY downside is that this phone is only 8g with no micro sd slot, so you have to watch how much you download on the phone. I haven't had any problems so far....I have all the usual social media, pics and use it to read books on from the Kindle app. I just occasionally go through and delete any unused apps. This phone is way more than you'd expect from the price!!!!I don't usually leave reviews- in fact this is my first. I will start with the positive. The phone is beautiful. After coming from the Samsung Illusion I did not realize that smart phones could be so easy, convenient and so much like a computer. The camera is terrific with the ability to aim from back and front. The keyboard has issues but when I go for the space bar but I think that is only because of what I am accustomed to. Now for the package- the package is one of those awful plastic packages that require you to cut them open. The marking of where to cut is so small that before I saw it I had already cut the package--AS WELL AS MY FINGER. Shame on Motorola for using that kind of packaging and despite the fact that my finger will heal I will always remember how much worse this could have beenI had been looking at getting a new smartphone on a prepaid verizon plan. I compared prices and ratings between the Moto G and the Iphone and decided on the Moto G. I am very pleased with my decision. I would recommend this phone to friends, family and anyone else looking for a great phone.Moderately disappointed with this phone. PROS: It has an android operating system. The charging time is fairly decent - taking maybe 2 hours to charge fully from a dead battery. The clarity of the display is fairly decent as well. The price (even know it is an older phone). Call clarity is good even with a low signal. CONS: The battery life is below average. On a typical day (email, texts and calls) I can only get about 5 hours of use before I need to charge it. With airplane mode on and only listening to music I can make it last the whole day. When the battery does die I can't just plug it in to charge. I have to plug it in and press the power button and volume up button until it shows the "dead battery" symbol (sometimes taking up to 5 minutes to show up) and then it will start to charge. When I power down the phone (with battery life left) once again it takes holding down the power button and volume up button to start back up. But even with that method it can take a good couple of minutes for the phone to respond and start up. It's a Motorola. I have never owned anything besides a Samsung and now I know why. The home and back buttons are on the screen instead of on the actual phone. Which in my opinion (coming from a galaxy 4) is a waste of screen space and narrowing it down to having to press the power button for it to respond. And the last thing I find inconvenient (but compared to the rest of the list not a huge deal) is the charge cord it came with is short. So if you want to plug it in and still use it you will have to be pretty close to an outlet. [ But also, an easy fix if you have an old Samsung charge cord or another similar one which isn't hard to find.] Overall, I would not recommend this phone nor purchase it for someone else because the pros do not out weigh the cons and in general the phone can be unreliable in times you need it the most.Got this phone yesterday and so far I have been very impressed with it. I had to join in on a Webinar for work and wasnt able to connect to the meeting with my computer so after only having this phone an hour....I gave it a shot and it worked perfectly. I didnt see where you could add a micro SD card but for me that is not a deal breaker. For the price...I say you cant beat it!OK - 6 MPS. ONTO USER/OWNERSHIP - Doesnt hold 3G - lapses into 1x (verizon says its not them - of course not...) Overheats when charging 50%/of time. Freezes at least once to twice daily (have to power off) ... Audio terrible ... Thought it would somehow upgrade & improve - didn't ... ya get watcha pay for... AND this is a Google phn - Motorola may've had a tiny part in construction - Verizon of course is the service (which is getting worse & far more expensive) - but Google runs the show. ... Early review no longer Germaine: So far an excellent device. Transfer from old phone simple however a new pay plan had to be opted to activate. That's Verizon tho & not the phone. Moto G has endless features it seems and surely would be a leader among androids.great basic phone. Great screen. Fast processor. Durable. Only drawback is 8G isnt nearly enough memory for much. You are left with maybe 1G memory for data and pictures really. Camera is really poor, but thats expected. This phone does all I want domestically for $35 month on total wireless. 3G on this phone is faster than 4G LTE on others. Why? well.....4GLTE networks are overcrowded and lack bandwith. I stream music, watch netflix, browse internet, etc no problems. Id keep it longer but really needthe phone itself is awesome, runs smoothly between apps and phone processes. I do wish, however, that there would be some warning somewhere that if you are in an extended Verizon network that works within a contract, it will not work in prepaid. Even the Verizon customer service reps weren't sure why the phone wasn't sending and receiving calls until I mentioned that I live in an extended coverage area. Since Verizon just bought our local cell provider, I am hoping this problem will be resolved soon. Until then, I will keep an extra few dollars on my balance just in case I need to make a call within my home area. Not too big of a deal since the texting works fine and I mostly use voice when I am shopping in town. However, unlimited voice should really be "unlimited voice"Do not BUY this phone.It worked great when I got it not even a yr ago, but now has stopped working! The screen freezes up I get constant error messages with this phone.I really need my phone but this has been nothing but a problem lately.Will not pick up when phone calls come in, there is so much I could say.In the beginning it was great not even a yr old and having horrible issues with it!!!!This is my second Moto G (only because I was clumsy with the first and shattered the screen) and I love it. Perfect size screen, quad core, kit kat, and it just looks clean. This phone really proves that you don't need flagship specs to get a flagship experience. I've recommended this phone to a friend and just told him about it and showed him and he went out and bought one within a week and thanks me for showing him. So you should also listen and click "add to cart". You will love this phone, trust me.This is a superb phone at an unbelievable price that I got for my wife who has Verizon prepaid. It was simple to set up and is really speedy and has Kit Kat, Android 4.4.2. Anyone on Verizon who doesn't care about 4g data speeds can pair it with Verizon prepaid's new $45 a month plan. I myself have a Nexus 5 and I was still impressed by the Moto G. The GSM version is at least twice the price but still a good value and delivered via Amazon Prime, a big plus.I had a Moto G before, but accidentally cooked it in my toaster oven (where I had hidden it from possible theft). It's a real bargain for my purposes... mostly Web and email and occasional texts. It has performed reliably and the camera, while not the latest and highest-resolution, takes quite good photos.Great phone if your on a budget..I bought used when a new one was like 100 dollars.. When the phone arrived the box the phone came in had been opened but the phone looked like it had never been turned on, still had the plastic on the screen and everything..had it for about a year and still works great..of course it's not a galaxy s5 or anything like that buy it has great screen display and the screens not to small..its a pretty tough phone to, I wouldn't recommend throwing it off a skyscraper or anything but it can stand pretty rough everyday wear and tear, I work construction and its lasted me a year and still works like a charm!This is definitely a wonderful smartphone for under 40 dollars. It has a Beautiful IPS 4.5 inch HD display, quad core CPU, and adreno GPU. Its just as good as those higher end phones. It plays games on high settings too. I've played GTA 3 on Max settings with no lag hardly. I recommend anybody wanting to do anything media/entertainment related but do not want to spend $500 to buy this phone. The only cons I see is that it only has 8 GB of storage and its been rebooting for no reason lately but I suspect its probably an app I downloaded that's causing it but other than that I love it.Unsure if this is fixed now, but the moto g has a major multi tasking problem. If I had music on and I switched to a browser the music would get killed. I've since bricked this moto g in developer tools trying to fix the problem but the problem was unacceptable. I have a moto x now and things are good, but be aware if you decide to get the moto gPhone is better than expected. Works fast,smooth,and does not freeze. Extremely fast. As for the seller: My phone arrived as promised, in perfect condition, and quicker than expected. My order was on a train that actually derailed during the shipping process (no joke! UPS notified me in an update) but still was 100%!! I know this is not the sellers fault, however if it were not packaged correctly my phone would not have arrived unscathed. In all I would buy from this seller again. I am very pleased. I would also recommend the Moto G prepaid Verizon phone to anyone who does not want a contract, wants a fast processor, someth that is sturdy, has a good camera, and gets the job done. A++++++ rating all the way around. THANK YOU!!Nice phone. Sound is of good quality, long battery life, I've had 4 hour phone calls and could have continued, there was 25% of battery left.I bought some of these phones work work, play, etc. I didn't expect much at first but wow. This is such a good phone, and for only 40 bucks it's a steal. I have had zero problems with the phones and even recommended it to a friend. Now he loves it too! It's a really fast phone, the screen is good, nice sleek look, and the quality of videos almost beats my lg g4. If you are farming with phones I highly recommend this phone, little to no crashes and can run a full day with zero problems.Used this for parts to replace the screen of the Republic Wireless version. Just as cheap as a screen replacement. Plus now I have an extra battery, speaker, mic etc. Put the bad screen on this phone and the kids used it until it completely stopped working. Great phone.My last 2 phones before this were an iPhone 4, and a Galaxy S3. My first major annoyance with this phone was the lack of a physical home button, unlike the iPhone and GS3. After 2 weeks now with the Moto G I've gotten used to that, but it is still a bit annoying that the digital buttons are part of the actual screen. Again, that's not a deal breaker, just kind of weird that it was designed that way, rather than using the extra space below the screen for the buttons. Overall, for 100 bucks, this is a spectacular phone. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it is not an 8GB phone, as advertised. The phone comes with a total capacity of 5.52 GB, and about 4.5 available GB after the Kit Kat update. Again, for 100 bucks, I am shocked at how great of a phone this is. Its not AS good as an iPhone or a Galaxy phone, but it is actually conparable, for a fraction of the price. If you plan to use your phone to store tons of music and apps, this phone may not be for you (4.5 GB with no SD slot is hardly any space). If your not in need of very much memory on your phone, this is a fantastic phone for an excellent price.This is a great phone! I purchased this for my wife for a ridiculous low price on Amazon. I have an I-phone but I like this one better. I have not found much that the I-phone can do that this one can't. It is slim, light weight, and full of features. If I wasn't locked into my I-phone I would get one of these for myself. Then I would not be locked into Apple and I-tunes.Had a Samsung Non-Galaxy model before this, and this phone is 100% better. Easy to use and set-up and Motorola gives you a special app to transfer all your stuff from old phone to new that was super easy to use! Battery life is outstanding... Great phone, might switch to Motorola next regular phone upgrade.I am not sure I like this phone. This phone is not as easy to use as a Galaxy Prime phone. They are similar but the Moto G is more complicated. Not too user friendly.This is a great phone. This is my second one. I kept my last one for a year but I dropped it so much without the it was time for another one. This is the best phone I have ever had. It arrived within a reasonable amount of time although it was a bit late the seller was very helpful when I presented them with my issue. I would buy from them again. And I highly recommend this phone.It's a nice phone for its price, it doesn't have a slot for the simcard, so you do not need to buy the prepaid simcard from Verizon, which can only be bought online, shipped from their warehouse! It is quite easy to activate it, just follow the prompt, then pay. Good phone.Motorola really outdone themselves on these Moto series phones. This device is very inexpensive, has a nice bright screen with great resolution, and color reproduction. Has a quick processor, and is extremely easy to use for the novice user. I would recommend this device in a heartbeat.I went from a galaxy centura straigh talk phone to moto g. What a difference!! I get service where centura didnt. Very quick app downloads, extreme quick wifi connection, google now is a huge bonus and helper, voice commands are quick, i like the front and rear camera-the pics are good enough for me. The keyboard swype is very touchy-i love that feature. The screens swipe very easy, the speaker is killer! I never lost a call. When i launch an app-blink and its there. The memory is alot-and i have tons of stuff downloaded. Phone never lags. HIGHLY recommend!!Love the phone, have had issues with the speakers though. Not always, but it tends to make peoples voices sound all muffled (almost like they're eating during the call). I got some ear buds w/mic to fix the issue and have no other issues since.ok the phone itself came fine. it was new, no scratches. turned on. im sure it would of been a splendid phone if it wasnt locked. i took it to verizon to activate it because for some reason it wasnt letting me do it over the phone or online. when i got there the attendant told me that the device was locked and they could not activate it. he was really nice about it and did everything he could but they just couldnt activate it. so i call amazon to see if they can unlock it. they could not. so at the end of the day i was stuck with a useless phone and a case. the only really good apart about this was the amazon customer service. they were amazing. the young lady was polite, nice, and extremely helpful. she fronted me back my money without having even returned the item yet and apologized profusely. good job amazon!Daughter Loves her new phone, it is surprisingly fast and energy efficient. The lack of 4G isn't a problem since she normally has WiFi. We bought this for our daughter to take to school and on field trips so we could get in touch with her or vice versa if need be and it has worked well for that.My husband has been very please with this phone, since February 2015. He kept the same number he had with Verizon and went to active it with monthly page plus at another store. Not an expensive phone and the process was very simple. You might want to buy a case for it, since it's very light!GoodBrand new, in box just like it came from the store!! Beautiful phone. Bigger than I expected. Sleek. Excited to use it. Just note this does not take a sim card. This is a cdma phone. So you will need to swap the phone out over the phone or on your verizon account online. I did also find that it has to be done at the beg of your billing cycle as well. So keep that in mind when ordering.I just got this phone in the mail the other day, and I am very phrased with it. I'm very happy that this phone has the quad-core processor. I never not had it lag not even once. Not to mention the new operating system. It's flawless. It's seriously with every penny.I needed parts to fix my drowned MotoG. The new LED screen was $49 and this phone only $37. I used the parts from the new phone to fix my old phone, plus I now have a new battery as well. Repairs were easily accomplished in less than 30 minutes with YouTubeThis phone is great! It does everything I need it to do. I'm so happy! Its a great value. I love Verizon's prepaid plans. It's an inexpensive value.if you want a prepaid phone and you dont wanna be in debt to apple this phone is so great! Update: i bought this phone and when i first bought i did love it however i ought-grew this one and ended up getting an apple product for my birthday, its a great budget tho!!Really good phone for the money! My boyfriend really liked this! He ordered it and used it for months until he finally upgraded and didn't complain about it once!This phone is great. It's fast, solid, and easy to set up. I have already recommended it to others. At this price it's even less then getting a similar phone with a contract and paying insurance every month and a $90 deductible. Love the Verizon prepay option as well.I love this phone.. I have bought this phone for the 4th time. Since that it is rather inexpensive it lasts for about 2 years and gets glitchy. But the format is great. I want to buy a huge box and just have backs ups to this phoneI went from the Galaxy Note 2 to this Lumia Icon. Switching platforms can be a pain. Most people are so vested in one OS they are reluctant to change. I really like this Windows Phone. It came out of the box with Windows Phone 8.1 and now currently has Windows 10 Mobile. Though it is smaller than the Note 2 the screen is bright and vibrant with the resolution at 1080 x 1920. Even in the glare of the Sun the phone automatically adjusts for better visibility. The 20MP camera is fantastic. The camera has a rich motion view which show the pictures you just took in motion like you have just taken a very short video. It is a very welcome touch. The phone fits well in my hand the curved bottom feels perfect. The dedicated camera button is nice as well. Windows Phone is not for everyone. To many people care about the hot apps and games. I have used this phone for over a year and It's a very welcome change. No longer am I lost in useless apps and games. Instead I can stay productive with the array of very usefull Office apps. Even though FaceBook is on the Windows store use this platform has encouraged me to stop using FaceBook all together and trust me folks, it's a good thing. Give Windows Phone a shot. The hardware is just like those of Android and iPhones. The only difference between this platforms is with Windows Phone you don't have all that other bloat in the app store consuming your precious time.Well I just wanted to try something different, and I'm glad I did. The Icon is impressive, faster than the iPhone I was using and the camera is way better at 20mp. This thing records video at 4k with 5.1 surround. Pretty much made my video camera obsolete. There are not as many apps on the Windowsphone platform but there are a lot being added every week it seems, that's not so much a problem for me, but the fact that I can not carry over my iTunes does.... It's a big deal, but I knew that going in. Everything else, is great. The phone itself is better in every way, the display, speed, sound quality of calls, etc is all better. But I miss my iTunes. The crazy thing is that the I6 has only been out a few months, the Icon came out on 2/20/14 and has a CPU that is twice as fast with twice the ram....and yes it is noticeable. The price point is not even comparable, I got the Icon for $0.01 with a two year deal, the i6 was like $30 a month for 30 months- which is still $900 despite what they tell you over at ATT when they try to get you on a "next" plan. Total scam in my opinion. So yeah, I went from ATT over to Verizon, and away from IPhone and onto Windows phone and I'm alot happier......miss my iTunes though.....cant lie.This is a crappy phone. I had the 928 before this 929 and liked it 2 stars more. Last windows phone for me. Too many issues, some of which are Verizon's fault. Camera software lousy on this model, magic wand rotates image 4-6 degrees. Not going to pay $300+ for the latest model, the 930. I like the Andriod interface better than windows, but prefer my iPad to my Galaxy tablet. Android phones last only about half as long as iphones, according to research (Average android OS support is ~30 months and IOS is ~70). The hardware may as well be cheap plastic. I have a beautiful Acer tablet that has a Google OS, and Google nor Acer will update, and now I get insatiable recurring Google error popups every 40 seconds. Looks brand new with a stunning display of the Google BM. $100 down the toidy. iPhone next with guarded hopes.I bought it for the camera system versus the cost. I still like it for the camera system versus the cost, the downside is the Windows Operating system. Prepare to spend quite a bit of hours updating your system. The screen also flickers on occasion. I've read this is a common issue with this version. I WOULD and WILL purchase the advanced versions in the coming years and just deal with Windows OS. I'm not a app monster. If YOU are an app monster I DO NOT recommend spending money on this device. If you're smarter than me and can modify the OS than it's worth it for the camera.I got this phone just to experience a Windows phone and I have to say, I'm sad that they did not survive. Although it lacks in apps but pretty neat phone still today. My biggest complain is that you can't disable the heptic vibration feedback, which can be annoying sometime. IGreat phone, great camera, I don't know why more people don't go to Windows, it is a great system and getting better all the time. Windows OS is so much cleaner, I don't have to remember which page the app I want is on, all the ones I want are right on the first screen, or I can find it in the list on the second screen, simple as that. As far as apps, I have all that I need or want, I don't need a thousand different solitaire apps to choose from. The app store is growing anyway.Actually the phone that arrived worked fine at first but during the first week developed a problem with the screen. A greater and greater area of the screen became unusable. it would not accept touch input. The most wonderful thing was that when I contacted the vendor they immediately sent me a replacement. I transferred to the new phone, re-initialized the old phone and sent it back in a prepaid package. I cannot praise this vendor enough.I ordered this phone for Christmas 2014, against the advice of nearly everyone. I was sure that the phone would live up to my needs and expectations of keeping me connected to my friends, family, and work. It has done that, and even more. Very smooth operation, great quality hardware, and a small but robust selection of useful apps that show there is potential to the platform. This list will grow when Verizon releases the Denim update sometime this year. While the camera gets alot of praise, I find it okay, but I'm no photographer. Battery life is about one day, never less. Just plug it in at night, or get a charging pad that Nokia sells. All in all, the phone lasts my entire workday of doing emails, texting and calls and still has some juice left over for a trip with the GPS or a few games. It hasn't been a problem yet, and I've already stressed it quite alot. My final suggestion, though, is this: go read up more detailed reviews of the Windows Phone system, and check that it does everything you want. If it seems like it does, it will, and this is one of the best feeling phones I've used in a long time.I love this platform so it's great for me, however what's really cool is that this phone come loaded with W10 over regular 8 when it was released. So that W10 update made this purchase that much sweeter. So far amazing improvement over 8 with some bugs but M.S. Seems to keep up with updates.I ordered this refurbished to replace wife's dead HTC 8x. It seems nicer and is a bit bigger. I didn't realized it took a nano SIM card instead of the Micro card in the HTC. Why do they keep changing these things? Anyhow, I ran down to Best Buy and paid $20 for a SIM card I could have gotten on Amazon for half price. So beware.Product as advertised. Shipping was fast.I bought because I cant find a superior camera in veirzon. Old Windows format but for pics its the best.By far the best phone I have ever owned. Great camera that can't be beat. HD video. Windows phone operating system is 10 times better than ios. Tons of apps and games. Battery life is excellent and will last all day, not like Andriod phones where your battery only last 4 hours.Best camera for the time being of any cell phone from what I read. It has IS (image stabilization) and I think this is the only one for now that has it. Twenty megapixel camera can be zoomed without compromising quality. Highly rated by users. Why Verizon pulled it from their lineup is a mystery to me. Maybe they wanted to feature the HTC one Windows phone instead.Would be nice if Verizon would update these phones to Windows 8.1 before shipping them. Even now I await the cyan update that will give use of Cortana. What a joke that this not posted in product description. Verizon has really dropped the ball on this.Phone was ok, Verizon would not activate it.took a week or so to figure it out, but wow, doubt I would ever go back to android. if you're an app person it may not be for you, but as a phone, camera, navigator, personal assistant..........its crazy good!More people should try Windows phones. Everything i do on my phone's instantly synced with my pc and vice verse. They're faster and without all of the bugginess.camera is top notch. windows os is intuitive and fast and everything is large and don't have to spend time pecking small icons. only downside is not as many apps. but that is growing all the time as market share grows. and its a nokia so its built like a tankIt was the first windows phone my friend has ever had. It is a great phone with a large screen but it takes some getting used to if your not familiar with windows phones. Some of the apps that are readily available in the app store for android and iPhone are not available for windows phones. That was a little disappointing; however, most of the mainstream popular apps are there. Overall, nice phone!Easy to use, fast shippingReplaced my Lumia 920 with this phone. Couldn't be happier! It's just the right size, takes great photos, and is much faster than the 920.love this phone. I've dropped it more times than I can count, with no case, and the screen has resisted cracking. Exceptional camera. Great battery life (admittedly I'm not a power user).This phone was a little more beat up than I thought it would be. The vibrate alert is broken. It still vibrates but the vibrate is weak and sick feeling. I am going to send it back for one in better condition. But the main problem I have is that I can NOT get the latest version of Windows 8 as a few people have told me I would be able to. I am coming from AT&T Windows phone and that phone has Windows 8.1 update 2. This phone just has Windows 8.1. The latest update came out over a year ago but still hasn't arrived at Verizon yet. It is very frustrating because many of my apps didn't cross over and I have to load them individually. The platform is still good and 8.1 is still good but not as awesome as the latest version. The only way to get the latest version of Windows is to sign up for some kind of beta test where Microsoft can dump all of there crappy untested software into your phone so it can be their test subject. If you get a used phone take in consideration that the battery won't last as long either.About a week after getting this phone. It died. I ordered it to replace the one ive loved for a long time. The phone just stopped being a phone. Very displeased about itIt's very smooth when switching apps, and, though much had been said about the small store, surprisingly had a lot of great apps. The office app is very useful in my classes to take notes, and the battery lasts a solid 7 hours of continuous note-taking. Overall, great productReceived Item as Described A+A+A+A+I love this phone. It's gorgeous, works great, and it runs Windows 10 with official updates! So much better than the pathetic Windows offerings Verizon has now. Considering stocking up with a spare.I love this phone great reception and sound, lots of free programs, great camera. Battery life much improves over the 822 only have to charge it every two days, the navigation program is better then Tom Tom.Great screen, good performance, battery would have been better, charging speed would have been better. Great gaming, great for videos, will be much better with Windows phone 8.1. Very capable phone which makes Windows phone app store look lackluster.I have had this phone for less than 3 months and the screen is already going out. It will flicker off and only come back on if it is bumped. This is a repairable issue, but the repair costs as much as I payed for the phoneMany different phones and smartphones have beed in my pocket, from old 7 segment display phone to todays andriod top of the line. recently I started getting annoyed by the andriod Scene, rom burning is not that much fun as it used to be and the android UI is not efficient as at used to be as it is widget depended and spread out on multiple screens which I usually never scrolled to I was looking for UI that would give me the freedom I want to customize (what I always and still do love about android) and the ability to get all the info in one glance. This is why I made the switch to WP8. I also wanted a device that packs great power lots of space great battery and top of the line camera. The NOKIA Lumia Icon meets all the demands: Pros: Best camera I have used on a smartphone Battery last more than I ever expected Great performance Display Talk quality WP8.1 is just around the corner Cons: The device is more fragile that it looks or feels Would only work with US LTE bands If you are an app junky then WP8 is not for you P.S I am using this phone outside the US (in Israel, Orange carrier) after paying the full retail price and it works perfectly here. No need to unlock and pay any extras.Nice phone, too bad about the number and quality of apps in their storeNo complaints!Had the 928..like this phone, but it is little heavy and also the camera is not as responsive as the 928. Good phone nonetheless.Love it, kinda wish I would have waited for the Windows 10 phones to come out. But I was too impatient. This will still be a great phone for Windows 10.Great phone but didn't like windowsBest Windows phone available... This and the 1520... The 1520 is a little too big for me and I'm a Verizon customer so this is the best phone in my opinion. The Ativ SE is great as well, buy Nokia has the best cameras... Overall, deal fisher sent me a brand new phone! Thanks!The weight, glass, feel and the camera are outstanding. I personally like a heavier feel so this one is very nice. Ant the build quality and finish are outstanding!Best damn phone I have ever owned.I'm very happy with this phone. Not a lot of apps but I can live with that. It is also very fast.The performance of Lumia 929 is great, and I like windows phone 8 OS a lot. Apps from windows store can be downloaded quickly, while OS update fails time to time. And I have to try again and again.nice!Excellent phoneGreat product, just as described. Charging port was a little loose thoughI am very happy with this phone. It's the nicest smartphone I've owned. It's snappy and there are no delays in the interface. I bought a refurb from DealFisher and the phone is in great shape (like new) and performs phenomenally. The camera is awesome and takes very crisp and colorful photos. It's also a nice device for my business needs and integrates with my Microsoft account(s) quite well. I'd recommend this phone and DealFisher to anyone in the market for a highly capable smartphone at a below retail price.item as describedArrived when it was supposed to. Phone is awesome. Camera is awesome. Live tiles are awesome. Only down side is the app store, but I can manage.My husband loves his new phone and all it's features.i like itCoolThe phone is great so farThe high definition screen is wonderful. My 84 year eyes can read everything. It has more bells & whistles than I need, but, those that a I use are very convenient to use.Best phone ever!Good camera.but there's a problem in the back of the phone.it's OkPhone quit working after a few weeks and Amazon will not stand by the product they sold me so why would I ever want to buy anything on Amazon again. I won't unless they decide to stand behind the defective device they sold me.Phone is good, and I like it. but there are a message and a outgoing calls! This is new, right?I have a sickness... I love to upgrade I have been with the Android Operating System since the original Sprint EVO Phone. To put things in perspective. I have had the EVO, EVO 3D (Junk) traded to the Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Razor Max, to the HTC One. I have played around with unlocking, using custom roms, etc. Android is a great OS, tons of apps and a ton of phone choices. Given all this, why would I even consider switching.....I am bored When it comes down to it, most of the apps I use now are mainly for work, when I want to play games, browse the web, etc I use my Ipad Air. I wanted a phone for work and I wanted to try something new, so the Lumia Icon had the latest specs, so I decided to give the Windows phone a try. For me it's a hit, with a few misses UNPACKING (7/10) Your basic rectangular Verizon (orange) box nothing spectacular inside it is well packed with the phone, wall charger and usb cable, small printed manual This is version 8 of the Windows Mobile OS, 8.1 is not released yet Phone is boxy, with a significant amount of weight behind it, which detracts away from its excellent design, button layout, metal trim with polycarbonate back Camera has Duel LED Flash in the back with Headphone jack up top and Charger at bottom Phone feels heavy in your hands, but even with its larger bulk it fits well DISPLAY (9/10) This is where the phone shines, I really like the screen, it's AMOLED 1920x1080 screen. I agree with most of the professional reviews, colors are very vivid and bright, with excellent black levels, but fall a tad short on whites when compared to my HTC ONE. I do like the fact that you have a lot of customization when it comes to screen color brightness, etc. I put this phone next to my buddies Samsung Galaxy 4, and it just looked a tad bit better IMO. With the very thin border around the screen it give the illusion that the screen takes up the entire front. I did change the color scheme of windows, because the red was just to bright. BATTER LIFE (8/10) The battery life is quite good, I would say it's better than my HTC in that regards, but not by a lot. I do about 100+ emails a day, will watch an occasional Netflix program back and forth on the train and talk a lot for my job and still manage to finish the day with 25-30% left. This is only with 2 actual days of usage, but so far so good. USER INTERFACE (9/10) This is my first experience with the Windows 8 Mobile OS. If not for windows 8 on my PC, I probably would have never even tried this phone, because it looks like a big mess at first, but in the end, I was really won over by how much I could customize it vs. my HTC One. When I first turned on my phone, its was the basic walkthrough setup process, then I got to the screen and thought, OK what the hell do I do now? Turns out I was able to do a lot and was able to pick up the OS in a very short period of time with no instruction. I was able to do/learn things quickly and have quickly grown to love the tile system as it is PERFECT for me and how I want to customize my screen vs. android widgets. With high end specs it compares similarly to android devices in relation to speed, pinch zoom and scrolling, all work really well. EXAMPLE: By adjusting the tile and location of the apps I use most I was better able to maximize screen real estate better than any android phone I have used. I have the Phone tile next to my two email address tiles with the next row being my calendar voicemail, and weather forecast. In the same amount of space I have my less used apps as tiny tiles which I can put 4 into the same size as one tile. To me this is the biggest advantage of the windows phone as I can get to more of my apps quickly. While android purists may say they can do the same on their device, the point for me was how easy it was to do this with almost no knowledge of the OS to begin with. Additional observations, I think some of the same apps work better on the Windows OS. I definitely liked the LinkedIn and ebay apps much better than the android counterpart. That being said, there is often times I found the Android App to be the better choice. I do prefer the Android app access (i.e. 4column x5 rows vs Window OS 1 column scroll down and give my HTC the advantage of having a better media player. CALL QUALITY (8/10) This one is difficult to judge as its T-Mobile vs Verizon and to be honest the HTC One is the King of Sound Quality with its 2 speaker system. As far as making calls, I found the call quality to be equal on both. On the flipside, the HTC's speakerphone is significantly better, as it is against pretty much any device. I know that Nokia changed out the Mics on these headsets and I have no complaints APPS, APPS AND MORE APPS (6/10) If you are an App junkie, as I used to be, the Windows phone is NOT for you. They still have a long way to go to compete with either the Android or Apple ecosystem. I do NOT have HBOgo, VUDU, Amazon Prime Video, just Netflix. Other than that, it does have all the apps that I use for work (navigation, backups, Office) I like the Bing Finance app to track my investments and the Travel app for booking tickets. I also have problems with bugs on some apps, like my fitnesspal which worked fine on my android and Ipad, but required constant reinstalls to keep it going. CAMERA (9/10) Lumia is know for the excellent camera's and this is an area where it doesn't disappoint. Picture quality is excellent. Compared to my HTC one it stays if focus a lot better when moving around and overall picture quality seems significantly better. I have not been able to do a low light comparison, but the double LED flash on the Nokia vs Single LED on the HTC makes a noticeable difference. I have not played around with the customization and overall features, but will update when I have had more time. This is an area on the Nokia that seems like it's going to take a little bit of learning. NOTE: Shutter Speed, as reported on other sites is an issue, (i.e. Shutter Delay), but nothing is too significant for most general picture taking, but I could see having an impact on action shots. I could go into a lot more detail, but with one of usability, I would rate this phone an (8/10) Pros: - Excellent Screen - Easy to use and customizable interface and speedy - Solid build Quality - Good Battery Life (wireless charging works great) - Clear call quality - FANTASTIC Camera Cons: - A phone should not be this bulky in this day and age - Speakerphone volume could be a little louder - Apps....MS still has a ton of catch up On a side note I am excited to see with the OS 8.1 brings, especially the Cortana (siri / Google Voice) competitor. I did also pick up the wireless charger which works excellent.Very disappointing. So, I have used Android phones for many years and this past January decided to give Windows Phone a chance. Well, first of all, when I started out using it, I thought, It's not THAT bad. Sure, there are a few apps here and there that aren't available but no big deal. Then I went to Chicago for a first time visit and not having the Uber app? Actually it was a big deal. (I actually had to send that phone back for a replacement because of a weird bluish spot in the screen.) 7 months later my frustration came to a head and I switched back to Android. Here's the takeaway, IMHO, about Windows Phones, particularly the Nokia Icon... If you decide to use a Windows Phone get used to seeing these messages: Something went wrong. Sorry, cannot post to Facebook at this time. Wi-Fi unavailable You exited the Facebook app so picture cannot be posted. Cannot load data at this time. Refreshing. Loading. And etc, etc. The biggest pro is that the camera on this phone is FANTASTIC. I mean, I will REALLY miss the quality of the photos this phone takes. But it's sad that a flagship phone can't even do something simple like posting directly to a friend's wall on Facebook. Or if the screen goes into sleep while you are waiting for the 5 minutes for it to upload a photo, the process will be canceled. Or the constant over-heating that happened with both of the phones. Or the incredibly bad wi-fi connection issues both phones had. Did I mention the battery? Bla....charge at work, home and on the road because that battery won't make it very far. I loved Nokia back in the pre-smart phone days and I guess I was hoping that allure of the brand would guarantee a great experience but unfortunately it hasn't. So, in comparison, I'm back on Android. Within the first few days of having my new Android phone I've noticed that when I go to share a photo to Facebook, I click "Share" and then choose Facebook and write whatever about the photo and press upload and....it's done. No, "loading" no "refreshing" no nothing. IT JUST WORKS. The connectivity to our wi-fi? Perfect and never drops it. All those apps, including Uber? Downloaded. Battery? Amazing! (of course that depends on what size battery your phone comes with but still.) And of course, there's the welcoming arms of Google. And frankly for someone who uses gmail it's really a no-brainer to have an Android phone because of all the integration with Google Drive, calendars, etc. Some things I have actually found in the market from Microsoft that I really liked, such as OneNote and OneDrive (which has all the awesome photos I took on the Icon). So I was glad to be able to port over a few Windows Phone features that I enjoyed. So here's the deal. For myself, I found that in the end there just isn't any reason big enough for an Android/Google user to switch to a Windows Phone. It wasn't a HORRIBLE phone by any stretch of the imagination, but it was certainly a frustrating platform that felt very buggy, lots of issues and frankly not worth the frustration for a "flagship" phone. I think for a first-time user a Windows Phone would be an ok one to start out with. But for most of us, there just aren't enough reasons to switch. I hope for the best for MicroSoft and I really miss the old days of Nokia. But looks like I'm gonna be in the Android camp (and very happily so) for the conceivable future.I got this phone around launch time. At that time I couldn't decide on the HTC ONE m7 or this phone. I chose this phone because I have had windows phone before (928) and liked it. The audio quality when listening through wired headphones with dolby on and an equalizer on sounds beautiful, I always go to my phone to listen to music. There are a lot of people and I mean a lot who look at windows phone and leave it almost instantly because of their app store. The app store has got more popular apps since early 2013. Tunein use to be junk but they fixed it so it works almost flawlessly, they have a good selection. But if you use your phone for a boat load of apps expecting the size of android or ios than the phone may not work with you unless you keep your old device to use the apps you did before. And the best part is that you can go to windowsphone.com to see what apps are there and what is not there. This phone is speedy, I have not had this phone freeze up or lag on me at all. I can sit there and play music and game at the same time on this phone. I know, you are thinking "well pretty much any phone can do that". Well here is my favorite part. Press a volume key like you are going to change the volume and you get a quick drop down of basic music controls to change track or pause while you are playing a game without leaving the game. The call quality on this phone is awesome. So is the antenna. When I am in a metal building I have 1-2 bars of 3g or 1x which is better than no bars. Text messages go through quick and when you are low on signal you may receive duplicate messages from a person, the phone does this just to make sure you got the message. Finding a screen protector may be a pain since the glass on this phone curves on the edges. Your best bet would be a wet install like skinomi or armor suit. For me, I use a tpu case with an armorsuit screen protector and it is a great combination. Though I really wish it was possible for someone to make a glass screen protector but that will probably never happen. Pictures and video are great on this phone. I use this phone to take pictures more than a seperate camera that I have because it is more convenient and still has great quality. Overall I recommend this phone to anyone.Upgraded to this phone from a Lumia 928, and glad I did. I had an iPhone for a while as well as an Android. While many have pointed out that this doesn't have as many apps as the other two OS's, that really doesn't bother me too much. The preloaded apps are great and all connect to the general Microsoft ecosystem. With my Microsoft account I can access MSN News, Finance, Health and Fitness, and so on, and have live updates delivered straight to my home screen. The downside of Live Tiles is that they are not as functional as widgets; e.g. you cannot have music controls on your home screen. Instead, you have to open the application or use the built in music controls (by pressing a volume button to bring it up). That being said, the live tiles blow iOS out of the water, since all live updates on iOS (that I know of) are delivered by the drop-down notifications bar, which is severely limited in its options. Thanks to more recent updates the background of all tiles on my home screen is customizable, escaping from the classic "choose your color and deal with it". In addition, app folders allow for many more apps to be stored in a smaller amount of space. the customizability of tile sizes is a huge advantage over iOS, since it allows me to more easily access the apps I use the most, such as messaging and internet. Even Android is lmited in that aspect, since widgets are not available for every app, and as far as I know the only option for increasing home screen area. The Music application, while sometimes slow to load, is comparable with that found on Android, in that its very highly editable, its alot easier to create a playlist and add songs to it on a windows phone or an android than an iPhone. It also syncs up with Windows 8 computers and tablets, similar to Spotify, so my music is accessible anywhere. With an Xbox Music Pass (similar to the premium version of Spotify) I can add music to my phone and cloud collection for no cost, and no ads. Both cameras are great. The rear 20 MP is very solid for taking pictures outside, but in low light interior conditions its slightly worse than the Galaxy S5 (from my own testing). If the lighting is good. it takes some of the highest quality pictures I've seen on a phone. Meanwhile, while I'm not a big selfie fan, the front facing camera has great color and performs well even in low lighting. The battery life on this phone is simply amazing. Any time I spend time with my friends, they are often reaching for a charger because their battery life runs out by the end of the day. I hardly ever have that problem. And while the battery isn't replaceable, I've found that these Lumia phones (my moms 825 and my old 928) take a very long time before the battery life starts degrading, Most Lumias also have the option of wireless charging (built into this one) which removes the classic problem of having to plug and unplug every single time you use the phone at night. I know this doesn't sound like a big deal, but its something you DEFINITELY NOTICE once you have had wireless charging for a while. I bought this phone used or refurbished on Ebay for $225. It was well worth every penny. If you can get over not having every app (and the windows app store has replacements for most) then this is a great purchase to make. Summary: Pros: -Great cameras -Highly customizable Home Screen with Live Tiles -Integrates nicely with all Windows products, especially Windows 8 computers/ tablets -Great preloaded applications including Music, Internet Explorer, MSN Finance, Health and Fitness, etc -Unbeatable battery life with built in wireless charging -Reasonable price Cons: -Won't have all the apps you want, you might have to settle for 3rd party replacements -Less popular ecosystem, so it doesn't go along with your friends phones as well Just like any phone, you're going to have compromises when you purchase this one. If you keep that in mind, and appreciate the things that make a Windows phone unique, then you will learn to love this phone and operating system.My first experience with Nokia was with a Lumia 928, which I absolutely loved. That experience made me love Windows Phone 8 and showed me just how limited android devices are. When it came time to upgrade, I knew I wanted another Lumia because I couldn't stand the thought of being stuck with a "premium" android device that forced Google down my throat. As soon as I finished the activation if my new Icon, I could see that it was an improvement from the already very goof 928. The scene is a little more crisp, video playback is fantastic thanks to an impressively powerful 2.2 GHz processor- my only limitation is the quality of the WiFi service, and the available apps have been growing quite a bit (some apps are not available on less powerful windows phone devices because they lack the power to handle the high detail density but I have only noticed this to apply to games, not productivity apps). Games are, by the way, fantastic. Microsoft has a large selection of Xbox games available on WP8 like Halo. The experience is different from the gaming console but it is still a lot of fun. Also, Here apps are, in every way, the equal or even superior to Google Maps. I am able to accomplish a lot with my Icon thanks to the preinstalled Office app which is impressively convenient. Before I tried it the first time I expected the experience to make blood shoot from my eyes, but I was blown away by how user friendly it was. I can write documents, create spreadsheets including graphs, and assemble PowerPoint presentations. Also, documents created on the Icon preserve their formatting when opened on a desktop or tablet! The reverse is also true. The camera takes pictures with excellent detail, but be aware that the higher pixel density requires the lenses to focus a little longer for the highest quality shots. Also, the picture colors are real to life, so don't expect the colors to pop in an exaggerated way like they do on some android phones unless you opt for a different app. Speaking if apps, Nokia has several apps to modify or combine pictures- you can even make a "picture" with a moving part. That feature is especially fun for capturing activities like fly fishing where the movement really sets it apart from normal fishing. Call quality is the same as with the 928, which is to say it is very good. Even in areas where signal is weak- like basements with concrete walls- the call quality is still great. Data service is unfortunately still restricted when major obstacles like concrete walls get in the way. I am completely satisfied with my Lumia Icon, but the 8.1 update will make it even better with the introduction of Cortana, Microsoft's new persona assistant to compete with Google Now and Siri. Trust me, you will not regret this purchase.I have had several phones over the years from Motorola to HTC and Samsung. This phone is by far the most amazing and fun device I have ever owned. After I set it up it just feels alive! ALL other phones I have used were static and feel boring by comparison, I shopped around for my new phone for several months and decided on the Nokia Icon. Physically, the fit and finish is the best I have ever used. The buttons are nice and the travel on them is as close to perfect as I can imagine. I had to see the screen to appreciate it. The colors pop like nothing else I've seen in a mobile device. Although the phone is similar in physical size to other phones with 4"-4.5" screens this one is 5" and goes from edge to edge. The phone has built-in wireless charging, NFC and no camera bump. Unlike the iPhone I can talk and use the internet at the same time on Verizon. The primary function I use my phone for besides calls and texting is picture-taking. The 20mp camera is nothing short of jaw-dropping. The images are extremely detailed and the best I have ever seen. Nokia has really spent a lot of time and effort making the camera great. They also created several apps to do cool things with the images. Refocus allows me to decide what I want in focus after shooting the picture. Cinemagraph allows animation in the picture while the rest remains static. There are some of the most innovative and useful apps exclusive to this platform. Photobeamer allows me to share the pictures from my phone with anyone's computer screen. Nokia Beamer allows me to share my phone's screen with anyone, anywhere on their computer. HERE Drive+ has complete offline maps so I don't use ANY data! HERE Maps with LiveSight is totally awesome. When I turn the phone vertically to look down the street, it superimposes the businesses so I see businesses. The images are links to their websites, menus, reviews, etc. DataSense minimizes data which saves $ and allowed me a smaller data plan. Wallet is built-in and seamless for purchases. Windows Phone comes with Kid's Corner built-in. I have 4 children who always want to play games on my phone including Flappy Bird, Angry Birds and whatever else is out there. This allows them to use it without fear of messing up anything up I have control of what they can access to anything I don't want them using. If you are considering something new, different, and innovative... this is a phone worth checking out!I have an iPhone 4S from work which is more of a paper weight and I just turned in my Droid RAZR. I loved my RAZR until Jelly Been made it slow. I have a Samsung Note 3 and 8 at work for a pilot and as well as iPad mini and Air so I am invloved with all of them. The Apple products are well built and run well but to me are just boring and I do not see the value of paying the extra cost. The Samsung devices are built cheaply and have a ton of useless apps but they do run smooth and offer a lot of more features over the Apple products. I love my kids and take a ton of pictures. I have a Nikon DSLR but I don't always want to carry it obviously. I tested the Note 3 and I have the iPhone 4S and the Icon camera is far better. It is quick and the I have only had one out of focus picture while my son and I where ice skating so both of us where in motion. The camera button makes it easy to take those kind of pictures and I have not had any issues with pressing that button and getting a clear picture. I am not an app junky and every app that I had on my Droid RAZR is on the Icon. I do miss the "Desk Mode" of the RAZR which presented me a nice clock and access to my important features while in the dock, but with how fast the Icon is, it takes no time to get into the home screen which is basically the same. I read some "professional" review that said they would not buy it for the lack of a notification center? The whole home screen is a notification center! I also have a banner that alerts me of a notification so I am not sure what they are talking about. The colors on the display are amazing. I do not have an iPhone 5S to compare and it is not fair to compare to the 4S but I would say it is equal to if not better than the Note 3. If you are on VZW and are bored with Android or iOS, give the Icon a chance! Everything came over nicely and I have not noticed anything missing.I've owned this phone for a month. This is a great phone. The OS feels fresh and modern. The hardware is high quality, very classy and elegant. I have experience with the competition as well. I have an iPhone 5 for work (company provided). The Icon is my personal device. Upgraded from a samsung S4. Pros: -Never stutters, freezes or crashes. Rock solid OS. Haven't restarted it once. -Well made handset. Feels solid. Looks great. I love the beveled glass. -Nokia apps! Their maps and nav apps alone are the best I've used. -Live tiles, and GUI. I much prefer this OS over the other two. It just feels "right". The others seem outdated and sluggish. IMO this is the biggest pro, as the actual power of the other high end phones are slightly worse or slightly better than this phone. It's all about the experience. -Camera is insanely good. I've never been able to print phone pics before because they're too grainy. Not the case with the icon. -OneNote. Awesome note taking app from MS. Cons: -Internet explorer stinks. No back button usage if you wake the app up from the tile. Works if you open it from the task manager. -App store is a hellhole. The apps are supposed to be screened and approved by MS. MS needs better screening. All the apps I need are there and then some. But the store is cluttered with junk apps and nonsense. -Some Third party apps are not as good here as they are on other phones. Not matured is a good word. But usable. -Google and microsoft hate eachother. Therefore google doesn't develop for WP...yet. -Battery. I list this as a con because my iphone can last days without juice. This one gets a charge nightly. The samsung was the worst. I give it 4 stars. The pros outweigh the cons by far. This review goes to a 5 if 8.1 delivers and fixes some of the things I've listed as cons, which it's rumored to do.I've owned quite a mixture of phones over the years and this is by far my favorite. I'm a Windows Phone fan already but this hardware is fantastic. The display is amazing - sunlight visibility is great and works better than my previous WP8, the Lumia 810. Photos are incredible and I don't mind keeping the SLR in the bag for quick shots with the images I can capture with the Icon. Videos are great and audio is pretty impressive - normally audio recording levels are off and you get clipping but I haven't had this issue at all with the Icon, even at loud events like the Daytona 500. The only thing missing on this phone is a card slot for additional storage, otherwise it is fantastic and doesn't warrant a reduction in rating since I offload photos and videos regularly. My wife has the same phone as well and, coming from a Galaxy S3 and without exaggerating, tells me every day how much she loves this phone. WP may not have every app available but the core functionality of calls, texting, internet searches, photos/videos, maps/navigation, voice control all work well and faster than anything else I've tried.Everything that needs to be said has been said. I concur, this is a great phone. Very smooth. Syncs with home computer with no problem. Voice and text are great. Cortana is the best; great for reminders and notes to OneNote. My previous Samsung was jerky between programs. Began to bother me after a while. Also, my Samsung started to slow down. The Icon is well built and durable. Takes the wear and tear better than my iPhone 4. The tiles are far more intuitive than either the iphone or Android. I wish Verizon and ATT would promote this phone more. The app selection is excellent. If an app is not available that I want (which is almost never), the web browser works just as well or better. I am not such a fan of apps anyway. Web based sites are better in many ways. Integration with Cortana and Bing makes apps more superfluous over time. I can't see any difference between Bing and Google. In fact, Bing seems more integrated that Google. Overall. This is a great phone and computer platform for people who use Windows (over 90% of the desktop world).This phone has stayed my go-to phone despite trying multiple Android phones. I've upgraded it to Windows 10 for Mobile, and it's become one of the best phones out there. Windows 10 for Mobile is a massive step up from WP 8.1, it's now really on par with modern phones. I love the integrated Skype Messaging that's just like texting, it allows me to stay in touch without cell service. I can't praise this phone and ecosystem enough, except to say that it's the most advanced, safest, and secure smartphone there is. http://wmpoweruser.com/hacker-claims-windows-phone-the-most-secure-smartphone-os/The BEST smartphone I have ever owned. I was an HTC Evo man until I purchased this phone and switched to the WP8 platform. WP8 took a little while to get used to but I love it now. As for the phone itself, it is a TANK! Never crashes, very very few glitches (mostly app failures but never phone failures). Have had this phone for almost one year now. The camera is amazing. The battery still lasts almost two days even after a full year of use. The touch screen sensitivity was perfect until wp 8.1 update but still works very well. Awesome connectivity to the network. Often has more useable signal than my wife's Samsung Galaxy.Do not get this phone unless you are already a fan of Windows Phones. The phone itself is fabulous; amazing camera, fast processor, beautiful display and extremely user friendly. It would be so much better if the phone wasn't on Verizon and or the Windows platform. The apps are either third party apps or simply don't compare to the same ones on Android or IOS. This phone was supposed to be updated to Windows 8.1 like all of the other Verizon Windows Phones but there have been nothing more than delays and seldom incredibly vague announcements regarding the update. You can manually update it but you will lose your warranty and I suggest keeping that because it already broke once on me. On top of that Windows has not been updating their apps like we were informed. I had made myself aware that it was supposed to grow immensely and be a great (not huge) platform, but they have dropped so many of their apps that I used. The next bad thing about this would be that Verizon had been pushing this phone for awhile as their Windows flagship phone but was cut in a very short amount of time. It doesn't exist on their website anymore. I'm convinced this is the reason for the lack of an update. Just save yourself some trouble and chose the android platform. This could be an incredible phone but no one will support it.Compared to the other smartphones on the market, this is by far the worst one available, with a confusing phone book system, being stuck with the slow and clunky Internet Explorer as your browser, forced to use Bing as your search engine and a completely broken GPS system. In a market with so many smart phone to chose from, this is an insult, get a Droid or Iphone instead.This phone is really the best windows phone out there, once you get your hands on windows 8.1 (I got it through the developers preview) it stands par with all the other flagship phones on the market (less the waterproofing). there is still a lack on the apps side (my previous phone was an iphone 5), but that aside you get a really beautiful phone with one of the best screens i've seen, the design is simple but yet it gives you that industrial premium feel, the camera is amazing, playing games is a bliss and getting your things organized on the go is really easy, plus cortana is getting there as your assistant. although i must say its a little heavy and the fact that doesn't come with 8.1 preinstalled let my down a little bit, but now is all goooood.I love this phone. I've had it for a few months now and it's amazing. UI is slick, the display is gorgeous, and the camera is the best I've seen on a phone of the same level. Most people are complaining that it's confusing and that they hate it, but if you just sit down for a while and play with it and get used to the OS (which doesn't actually take too long) you may like it even more than iOS or android. I came to this phone from an iPhone and I wouldn't trade it back for anything. The "app gap" is also not as prevalent as I was led to believe. You're not going to be able to get the iOS game that's the fad of the week, but WP still has instagram (6tag) and snapchat (6snap) and just about all other apps that I had on my iPhone that I used consistently.I've been running Droid phones for the past five years. The first Droid I had was a solid phone, the ones after that were progressively more and more unstable. When my upgrade came up this time, I bought the Nokia Icon, and have seriously zero regret. So far it's been far more solid than any of the Droids. Windows 8 mobile is a far superior OS compared to the Android as far as ease of use. I don't like the button look of Windows 8 on my home computer (went back to Windows 7 for gaming), but the button look works fine on a phone. The only con I have so far is the ringer volume seems low. But that could easily be me just messing around with the settings and screwing it up.Worked fine until 3 months after purchase. Now I can use it for a paperweight.Maybe it was good in its day but the mic is horrible on this phone so have to use blue tooth to have a reasonable conversation with someone. But worse I tried to update it because the upgrade advisor stated it would support windows 10, this failed too. Again this is not the phone but the MS operating system that sucks along with MS policy. Back to android never touching a windows phone again.I was a not sure if I should jump to a Windows phone but I am glad I did. I had 3 Android phones and I was getting bored of them. It was all the same. The phone would perform great at the beginning and then start to lag (with the removing of some Apps issues). The final straw was the Samsung Galaxy S3. The RF and voice quality was not great (Was nothing Like my Moto Droid X [great mobile]). The Nokia screen quality is unbelievable and the RF is fantastic. I get signal in areas that I did not get with my GS3 (Like the back of my Grocery store) and I can put the phone down on my car console and still have GPS signal. I use this phone for business and home and the quality of Microsoft applications and services is outstanding (I would always get jealous of my friends IPhones and the business capabilities it had). I am not a download every app person, but I found all my apps I had on my GS3( was surprised that Waze was available with an update only couple weeks old), including local papers and bank. The battery seems to last for a while, but I am never far from some type of charger with any of my mobiles products. It did take me a week to get use to the Windows environment. At one point in the beginning I was not sure why I left my Android platform, but once I got used to the windows 8 OS I love it. I have tiles to show my information and not have to worry about widgets. I can not forget the unbelievably great camera quality. There is a superiorness (Not sure that is a real word) about the Lumia Icon and Windows 8 platform that makes me think I might end up being a real fan. I purchased my Lumia at the Verizon store so I had customer support answering questions I had. Also there is some big update to the OS in the next 3 or 4 months that is suppose to add even more features to the mobile (Verizon told me that). Overall I would recommend this product. GrimI upgraded to the Nokia Icon from the Nokia 928. It is dramatically better, which is surprising because it looks about the same but with a 1/2 inch bigger screen. The hardware is clean and refined but it is really the subtle improvements with the OS/Apps that make this an awesome phone. With the larger screen you can get up to 6 tiles across (compared to 4 w/ 928) and the screen resolution is so good even very small text is easy to ready. Microsoft and Nokia also released some really nice apps that take advantage of the extra real-estate on the screen. For instance, the Bing Weather app (best weather app ever) shows current weather and switches to week forecast occasionally. Why don't all weather apps do this - it is all you really need and you don't need to launch the app as much. All of my important apps now fit on the one screen without scrolling, and with the extra information from the apps I really get a good view of my life on one screen. I have had an iPhone 5, Android, Blackberry and I can confidently say this is the best phone I have ever owned.I used to be a Blackberry owner, then switched to Android a few years ago. I bought the HTC One original version in April 2013 and really wanted to buy a Windows phone at that time but felt it was inferior to the Android and Apple products available (based on media reviews). When the Icon came out it seemed to good to ignore anymore and with the Windows Phone 8.1 update I felt it was time to make the switch. I couldn't be happier. This phone is absolutely amazing. I love the live tiles, the display is beautiful, viewing in bright light is amazing and puts all other phones to shame. The camera is as good as they come. Listening to the media reviews, one would think that any Windows Phone is inferior to Android and Apple products. This couldn't be further from the truth. I am so happy with this phone. I use it for both work and personal use.I only like Windows phones due to their tile-factor. Multiple things happening on one tile that doesn't require you to do a multitasking action on the phone to check it out, a good camera, nice quality sound, are some of the pros of this phone. Black makes everything sleeker, especially when you have a red theme equipped.has windows phone 8.0, which is old, and does not have Cortana, the SIRI type voice activated everything.... Wait for a better operating system to be installed on it, very disappointing, wait for windows phone 8.1Lumia Icon is a nice phone. I loved how easy it was to use and how well it worked. But after a while I started to get aggravated with it. Here's why. It's a windows phone and like most of Microsoft products. You will find that its not compatible with a large number of Microsoft's own products and software not to mention apps from other companies. Also MS is very slow at developing patches and updates for there products. There are a very, very large number of apps that are not available for Windows Phones. Here's one example. I own a Kia with UVO. UVO is a operating system designed by Microsoft for Kia. It handles your cars blue tooth, navigation, system information and a lot of other things. Microsoft made UVO compatible with just about all cell phones, Apples IPhone, Droids and even Blackberry. However Its not compatible with any windows phone. Just Google UVO compatible phone and you'll see. There are a number of apps that you can have on your windows phone and windows PC that are meant to sync up, but don't. Save yourself some aggravation and get either a Droid or Apple based phone. Either one will work better than a Windows phone.Best 5" windows phone, period.By far the most underrated mobile OS out there. This is a fantastic phone and a fantastic platform. If you're in the market for an upgrade, you owe it to yourself to at least take a look and try it out.I've had iPhones and several Samsung and HTC Androids. The Lumia Icon is the best phone I've owned. Excellent build quality! Screen and camera are top of the line and amazing. The quad-core processor and 2 GB of ram breezes through everything and the Windows OS and App Store continues to grow everyday.Fast and responsive Tile interface is easy to use Nokia apps are 2nd to none Call quality is very good Camera ROCKS!It is slippery, and very easy to run away from your hand, the screen is not Chennai scraping off the ground a few times and I spent two years after the htc one x the same.I purchased the Nokia Icon back around March, 2014 and have been using it for over 6 months. In general, it is a functional phone that takes care of the important tasks that I most need - making calls, viewing/responding to email, and sending/receiving text messages. In this capacity, it functions about as good as any mobile phone I've used (I've used a number of Apple and Microsoft OS devices). It also has an ample number of apps available - I have no idea how it compares to the number of apps on other devices, but the bottom line is that there are far more apps available to me on this device than I have time to keep up with. It also has a very high quality camera that I use regularly. But, as time has passed, there has been an increasing annoyance with small things that you don't tend to notice until you use it for a while (and only if you can compare it to other devices). * There are a number of things I could do with my Apple iPhone many years ago that I still can't do with this Microsoft Windows device. For example, it was seamless to share music and video between iPhone, Apple TV and iTunes/PC/MAC. This process is still far from seamless with Windows (and I use Windows Phone, Xbox One, Xbox 360 and Windows 8.1 tablet - and it is painful if not outright impossible to share across these devices as easily as it is on Apple devices). * My old Apple device would update quickly when a new OS was released. Windows Phone 8.1 has been out for months - and Verizon has still not released it. This may be more of a negative review of Verizon that Windows Phone/Nokia - but since it is one of the primary carriers (and the one associated with the product for this review), it is valid - and it is extremely frustrating. * Although the number of apps is acceptable, some important ones are either missing, have been removed, or have been hobbled. Google has acquired some important apps (such as a navigation app that Android users find very helpful) that they are no longer upgrading for Windows Phone. If you look at most vendors who "have an app" you will see links to the Google store and the Apple store - you almost never see links to the Windows store. The LinkedIn app, which started strong on the Windows Phone, has gradually gotten worse - to the point that I regularly get "out of memory" errors with it. * I purchased two wireless charging pads for my previous Windows Phone - which was an older model - and they both worked fine with it. Neither of them work with this phone (and one of them is a Nokia charging pad!). I keep expecting an update for the phone to fix this problem, but so far there has been nothing. * Some apps from Microsoft (such as Office, OneNote, CRM, etc) are great on my Windows Phone. But taking a look at them on friends iPhones and Androids - they seem every bit as good on those platforms. So I don't see the benefit of having a Windows Phone for those. * The one differentiator might be the Xbox Glass app - which lets me control my Xbox through my phone. But, at least as far as I experience it, this app just replaces the hand control for my Xbox. A novelty idea, but only a small convenience. I'm not sure - but this app may even be available on other phones too. I went with Windows Phone because my desktop, tablet and home entertainment are all Microsoft - and I wanted to have the same kind of interconnectivity with Microsoft devices as I enjoyed with my Apple. That benefit has never been delivered. Without it, the only compelling reason to use a Windows Phone would be superior apps - which have also never arrived. My next upgrade with Verizon is in March - if these things don't improve by then, I will likely return to Apple or maybe try Android. If you are all Microsoft, you may get by with the Windows Phone. If you're using Apple or Google devices in your home or business, then I can't think of a single reason why you would consider a Windows Phone.***Edited*** I thought I researched this phone as much as possible before buying, but clearly I didn't research enough because this phone simply isn't going to work for me. And here's why: 1. The "incorrect password" bug. It's something that seems to happen across all brands and models of Windows 8 phones, and if you can't fiddle around with the wifi for whatever reason, you are stuck using only the data plan on the phone. I can't get it to work on my wifi connection even though multiple computers and several other cell phones have no issue whatsoever with it. There are several threads on this at the Microsoft help website, and they all suggest trying to fiddle with the settings, and MAYBE it will work--if it can't just work like every other thing we've tried to hook up to it, it's probably not worth messing around with. I don't have the time or inclination to fuss with it. (Search WP8 won't connect to wifi on Microsoft's website) *Update* I finally got it to work with wifi, but it doesn't like my wifi hotspot (from another carrier). It's kind of hit or miss when it comes to hotspots, but seems to work fine on networks that use an actual router and/or don't have a password. I'm not going to pretend to understand it, that's just been how it has worked for me. 2. The bluetooth in my car worked just fine with my old "dumb phone" and works perfectly with my husband's iPhone. This phone simply won't play nice though. I can't get it to download the phone book so the convenience of "hands free" doesn't exist. The sound from it over the bluetooth fades in and out so it's hard to hear the person on the other end of the call. This appears to also be a known issue and there are threads about it on Microsoft's website dating back to 2012--if this hasn't been fixed yet, I wouldn't plan on it happening. (Search connect to car bluetooth on Microsoft's website) *Update* I got it to transfer my contacts--twice! If you can't get your contacts to transfer to your car, try having your phone book pulled up on your phone when you tell the car bluetooth to download your contacts. My old phone and the iPhone didn't require that, but it seems to be what is necessary to get the Icon and my car to "talk" to each other. It was either that or my dogged persistence that made it finally decide to work. 3. It's just kind of huge. You don't really know how a phone is going to feel until you've made a phone call with it--my hand started cramping up from holding it after about 10 minutes. If I can't use it to talk to grandma, there's no point in having a phone. And when I'm trying to drive? Fuhgeddaboudit. 4. The ringers aren't very loud or long. I need to be able to hear it ring from another room or over a crying baby (or sometimes both!) and this phone doesn't cut it. I've got the ringer maxed out and it's just not very loud; and whether it's laying face up or face down doesn't seem to make much difference either. The notifications for calendar events only "ding" at you once and then the notification just shows up on the screen until you hit snooze or dismiss. My old phone would raise holy heck until you told it that you got the memo--I miss that feature. 5. The support system. You can either post on Microsoft's website community (which if you do the above searches will show that there's a lot of frustrated users, but no real answers) or you can use Twitter. How they expect you to solve a problem over Twitter is beyond me. I'm pretty sure you get a new person every tweet and they ask you variations the same question over and over in an endless loop. And heaven help you if you have more than one issue!! Plus it's just such a long, drawn out process even if you have nothing else going on besides staring at your twitter feed all day. That being said, I'm really sad about returning it, because there are a lot of features that I love about it. 1. The camera. It's as phenomenal as everyone said it would be. Love. I'm not a photographer, but the camera takes such good pictures that I look like I might have a smidgen of talent. And the editing software is pretty awesome too, though I haven't played around with it as much. 2. Driving mode. It's probably weird, but I love that little feature. Even though I'm VERY anti-texting-and-driving, it's very hard to keep yourself from trying to find your phone when you hear the "ding". This way it just doesn't let the message dinger go off, so I can find out later. It also sends the person a text back saying I'm driving, so that they can call me if it's urgent...or at least in theory they could. 3. The OS is very easy to use. I came from a dumb phone and have had no trouble picking up the interface. I love the live tiles, though I wish there was a way to hover over to know for sure which icon is what without having to click on it--that's only because I'm still learning though, I doubt I'd need it after a couple of weeks. 4. The office suite that comes with it. I had intentions of buying a Surface Pro to go with this phone, but now I'm rethinking that. Maybe the tablet will still work well with whichever OS I end up with, but probably not as seamlessly as I was hoping. Still though, this phone would be awesome for someone who is serious about doing work. 5. Others have mentioned issues with the app store, but I found all the apps I needed there. The trick can be finding them. I had better luck going to the website on the phone (ie Twitter) and then getting directed to the app from there vs. searching. To me, the lack of games and flashlight apps were irrelevant though, because this is a phone that will be for making phone calls and doing work stuff instead of playing flappy bird. If you want a toy, buy a toy; if you want a work phone, buy this one (and then hope like heck you don't have the same issues I did!). 6. I really loved the responsiveness and clarity of the screen. I didn't need to tap anything multiple times to get it to work, and the picture is really clear even outside. And I suppose I'll mention here that I didn't know at first how to shut stuff off (I know, I know, RTFM already), so I had all kinds of programs open at one point and it never bogged down. Also, it has little videos you can watch that show how to use the phone, once I found those, they had some great tips on them like pressing and holding the "back" button to see what programs are open--which is how I discovered that I had a bunch of stuff open. 7. I really liked how intuitive the texting was--I mean, as big as the phone is it kind of has to be fairly good at guessing what you want to type or it would be a royal PITA, but it's really good. 8. This is pretty petty, but I just kind of liked being a rebel and having something different than the masses. I don't mind the the other OS's, but it seems like everyone and their dog has an iPhone or a GS3, and I hate doing/having what everyone else does. Overall, I'm torn on whether I would recommend this phone or not. Obviously, it isn't working out for me, but if those issues don't seem like dealbreakers to you (or you have more patience/time/tech savvy to make it work), you'll probably love it. It has a lot of little things that I loved, but the cons were pretty major to me. I'd give it 3.5 stars, but am sticking with 3 since we don't have halves.Can someone plz tell me if this handset is network unlock?This windows phone disapoints me. I thought i was getting the best phone in the world but this phone is a piece of junk!Its game selection is poor it barely has any.It is just an overly priced piece of junk. dont get it!!Im coming from a Note 3 and ive had just about every phone you can imagine over the years. Recently my N3 broke so i had to go to Verizon and buy a phone, i read and read the reviews and finally decided to give the Icon a try. First, the camera is not that great, indoor shots are terrible and grainy and outdoor shots are mediocre. Everyone in the reviews keeps saying how wonderful the cam is but compared to my S4 and Note 3 the pics are not as good. The tiled menu interface is OK, i can get used to that but the lack of the apps in the app store is a real downer. The handful of popular apps they do have seem outdated and very badly written. For example, Facebook on this phone reminds of Facebook on the BlackBerry Bold, very clunky, things don't load fast and smooth, inability to do simple things that you take for granted with other operating systems, like "clicking like" on a pic. The "People" stream/interface is horrid, it pulls in info from all over the place but when you click on a item it gives you a very bad/limited view of how to interact back. The feel of the phone was nice and i have to say that the speakerphone and the call quality were superb, probably the best call quality i have heard in a long time on any phone so kudos to that. Other things like having to go into settings, then into WIFI, to join a network is a pain, there should be a toggle switch somewhere for that but there isnt. Im not saying this is a horrible phone but just my honest opinion of it. Anything i use that slows me down is just not for me, this phone completely slowed me down. Even the email formatting is a pain, to view images you have to click "view images" in every email, there is no default option to have it view images. Come on Microsoft.... Also, one last gripe, and the most important, the battery, its HORRIBLE. I charged the phone fully, pulled it off the charger at 7AM, never turned bluetooth on, had it on WIFI in my condo all day and by 7PM i was at 31%. I would hate to seen the battery had i been out running around all day without a charger handy, it would have been dead by 2PM!k Don't do what i did, this phone is shiny and looks real nice in the stores, but once you spend about a day with it i cant see how it would get a stellar review unless the ONLY thing you use it for is making calls, then it would deserve 5 stars.To put this review in context, I've upgraded my cell phone every couple of years since 1992 when I had my first Motorola brick; so I've owned a lot of cell phones and all the smart ones. I'm not a fan of Apple products but my spouse has one so I'm not unfamiliar with them. I'm an IT professional and I've worked with so many different operating systems I've lost count but half a dozen Unix variants, 3-4 Linux Variants, every version of Windows since 1.0, and the Apple OS. I run both a personal Google Identity and Google Apps for my small business. I've had my phone for a week and I bought the DT910 charger for my desk and the DT900 for traveling. This phone is just wonderful, I gave the Verizon store clerk my Microsoft identity name and added my password when she passed it to me. By the time I got home the phone had completely synchronized with my desktop and laptop. It's seamless: just different windows into the same "ME". The sound quality is great; the camera is brilliant (I'm an amateur photographer with several thousand in semi-pro equipment); I can link together all my contacts various identities (google, skype, facebook, etc) into a single unified contact list; Facebook, Kindle, Audible, Netflix, Amazon, Microsoft Office, all work great. Before I bought the phone the Verizon folks told me that no one liked the Windows phone because it didn't run all their apps. And there are some applications that are not available yet for Windows 8. The only one I miss is TripIt but this is more than made up for by the seamless integration with Microsoft Office. (Update: I found TripIt) I wanted a working phone that integrated seamlessly into my work environment; gives me a great camera, delivers my core communication needs; the Icon hit that target dead on. I've never been happier with a new phone.Absolutely love this phone. Just wish there was a little more support for Windows phones. I have an Apple phone for work and the Icon runs circles around it. Apple and Android look and feel pretty much the same (wallpaper, icons on the screen, scrolls sideways, etc.) No two Windows phone looks the same because of the customization feature i.e. live tiles, ability to choose the size of each tile, colors, wallpaper in the background, etc. Cortana is absolutely the best mobile assistant and is extremely accurate at picking up your voice commands. Great screen size and the OS just gets better and better. Plus the ability to look at, edit and create documents in Word, Excel and PowerPoint is awesome. In PowerPoint you also have the ability to view and edit your slides and notes from the phone and with the Icon the text is big enough that you can see it if your phone is on a podium. The camera is unbelievable. Great low light capabilities and takes much better photos than my wife's Galaxy S5. Very easy to learn how to use if you are new to the Windows mobile OS. My previous phone and first smartphone was an Android which was hard to get used to, especially with a horrible owners manual which didn't tell you how to use it and the tutorials on the phone wouldn't boot up from day one. The Window's OS is user friendly and extremely easy to use.Nokia Lumia Icon, 929: These are wonderful! We have a couple.....they work flawlessly with WIRELESS CHARGING with qi chargers.....that convenience alone is worth a lot....no more cords. They also work perfectly on Page Plus - they place and receive calls, send and receive sms text messages AND ALSO send and receive MMS messages (although that may take a call or two to Page Plus tech support). Things go better using the newer page plus sim cards to activate the phone (the ones marked "works with all verizon phones" - that's what they are sending out now for $1 on page plus web site). MMS did not initially work on one phone, but since it worked perfectly on our other Icons same model phones, we made several calls to Page Plus cust service, geting tech support, then evaluated levels of tech support. And called back several times. Because this was impt to us , we pursued it, and eventually someone in the call center figured out the right APN settings.....and now everything works. (This was an older PP sim - may have been part of the problem). I have a new android phone too, and frankly I like this much better. If you can live without all the android/ios apps, the degree of customization on the windows phones have the others beat!Love Windows Phone. Love this Lumia Icon. Upgraded this one to Windows 10 and it runs very smooth. All the buttons work, only minor scratches on the phone I got. This was the most I've ever spent on a phone! $80!!! I'm an old timey curmudgeon who wants my cellular company to give me a free phone every two years, and that's worked great until now...until Obama and his communist friends ruined America and made the people pay for their phones! I've been using Windows phones forever. The Lumia Icon is a very responsive phone with a great OS and good connectivity. Great camera. Great software. The only thing lacking is certain apps. The HP Elite x3 is the only thing better on Verizon, but that one costs a lot more.OK, yes... it's a Windows phone (which should mean an automatic deletion of 3 stars right?). Lack of apps aside, this is a great little phone. Slightly larger than my HTC 8x, it has a vibrant screen, decent battery life (and I pound on this thing all day with apps - the few the Windows store offers - with stuff running in the background sucking battery life), and an awesome camera. It was the camera that drew me (most MP offered on a Windows phone on the Verizon network). Its a little on the heavy side with a slick backing but that is easily remedied with a case. Very please with this phone and the vendor I purchased it from (bought used on Amazon)Love this phone. It is still far and away the best windows phone you can get on the Verizon network. I have also had the HTC One M8 Windows edition and this phone blows it away. The camera is the best phone camera I have used. Takes great pictures in low light and they are super clear. The display is fantastic. Super dark blacks and it is bright enough in lighter conditions. I am a huge fan of the Windows Phone OS. My biggest problem with it is the lack of phone support. Especially on the Verizon network. There are not a lot of high end phones you can get in a windows edition. This phone is technically a generation old, but it still holds its own.Great device, horrible windows phones, ill never buy another windows phone, Microsoft clearly doesn't care about their mobile users, I bought this when windows 10 was coming out and they boasted cross device functionality, this was cool in theory but its nothing that isn't on an APP which they have NONE of, the app store is a joke for windowsOne week of ownership, and the Icon has met and surpassed expectations. Windows Phone 8.1 is a great experience. (I love squares and rectangles!) The phone allows for one hand operation, has a great screen, is very fast, works very well browsing the internet, and the Lumia camera experience is exceptional. The dreaded 'app gap' seems a bit over-blown, showing up mainly with financial services sites, and some lower tier apps. (For example, my regional bank has an IOS/Android app, but not one for Windows.) This phone appears to be a good value, and provides a unique, exciting 'live' environment.I keep finding things I like about this phone. The camera is great, the voice quality is great, and the reception always seem good. 4G speed is excellent. It is a bit on the large side, but you'd have to live with a smaller screen if you downsized it.By far my most favorite phone. I have had many androids and own a 5th gen iTouch for my music files. This is my second Windows 8 phone and it's great. My previous phone was Nokia Lumia 822 I had bought used. I loved everything about it. Never had a problem. Windows is so fast. NO LAGS! Everything between touching and scrolling is so smooth. I upgraded to the Lumia Icon. The 20 megapixel camera is great! From Manual focus to shutter speed. I find myself taking photos of just random things all the time using the manual focus option. The screen is really good image quality, great for video streaming. I highly recommend a YESOO case. They are identical to INCIPIO but are only a quarter of the price and they come in 5 different colors. I use my Windows phone %50 of the time for work. Great accessory for my work emails, contacts, calendar, and Microsoft Office. Allows you to migrate your social networks into one stream under People. I highly recommend this phone to anyone!Bigger phone. Older phone. . . . but who really can use all their phone capabilities. Shopped for a great deal, ruggedness and ease of use since I am a windows user anyway. Just keep adding all my "stuff" to the phone and now I can carry less with me everyday. One small way to make my day a little bit more simple.Glad I went back to the windows phone. I was a little skeptical seeing some of the reviews for windows phone. The only problem I had was when I installed something that stopped the camera from working. Never did find out what app broke it but after doing a reset on the phone I haven't had any more trouble. Takes great pictures.This phone is so well built that you instantly fall in love with the quality. The fatal flaw is Verizon's unwillingness to allow the 8.1 update, and zero communication as to when or even if it will push out. Back it went. Sad, because the quality of this phone was top notch.Bought it for a Verizon plan. Was pretty stoked to hear it wasn't compatible with Verizon any more.Coming from 3 straight Android OS phones, I wanted a change. I'm not a fan of the iPhone and always wanted to try a Windows Phone, but knew they lacked the apps of the "big 2". Well, after doing some research, WP8 pretty much had all the apps I was interested in and I knew their game selection was great, because of their XBOX branded games with achievements. Now it was just a matter of picking the right phone. After lots of research, I went with the ICON and do not regret my decision at all. Phone is a great size, screen is awesome. Only negative is not type of LCD notification when the screen is in sleep mode, but I read a lot of phones now took away that feature. Great phone, well worth the $99.99 I paid for it.Didn't work long and quality was poor had problems from day oneThe phone I ordered had some problem that didn't allow it to upgrade above windows 8, which I don't like. I have since returned it with no hassles, awaiting the refund.BEST PHONE EVERBought this for my daughter who i a WInPhone user. Great device. feels solid in your hand, has lots of high end features and runs smooth as silk. The screen has massive viewing angles and the colors just pop. Call quality is as good as any other phone. If this had been a 5.5" device I would have kept it for myself.Terrific, bought it used, have used it for months no issue, love the phone.This was our first Windows phone. In the past, we have used Android phones, as well as Apple iPhones, so we have practically used all the major OSes. This phone definitely had a learning curve, but it was short. The live tiles are great to have the latest info at your fingertips. The only problem is that there are VERY limited apps - especially when you are coming from an Android phone. I set it up this phone for my brother, who is 16, so it automatically set his account as a 'childs' account when I created a new Microsoft account for him using his birthday (you need one of these to use the phone) and needed to have a parent account setup first before he could download any apps (due to parental safeguards). This is a great feature, if you want to use it. For us, it isn't necessary, and actually caused much unnecessary frustration to get it sorted out. These two problems account for only the four stars. Overall a great phone, but I probably wouldn't purchase any Windows phone until their app store grows a little.I love this phone! It AHS tech above every other Nokia and some higher end brands out there. I had to developer unlock to update to windows 8.1 it worked perfectly no problems, has a strong antenna on it.This phone is pretty amazing. It's too bad Windows Phone is pretty much dead.GREAT phone, awesome camera.Loved my windows phone.I bought the Nokia Lumia Icon because I needed new service and was worn out by the persistent fragmentation in the Android Ecosystem. So far I have been impressed by this phone. It has an excellent camera, great 1080x1920 display at over 440 PPI and a speedy processor. Unfortunately it doesn't have expandable storage, but with the increasing prevalence of services like Pandora and Spotify, as well as the OneDrive integration the 32GB built in memory is sufficient. Once the phone receives its Windows Phone 8.1 update it should be even better. The only major downfall is the ecosystem. The Windows Phone ecosystem still lags behind the Google Play Store as well as Apple's App Store. There are still apps for most needs but they may not be the same quality. If you are someone who already is invested in the iOS or Android ecosystems, or if you need specific apps, then I cannot recommend the Nokia Lumia Icon. For everyone else it certainly is a high quality phone and it may be worth it to switch to Windows Phone 8. Pros: speaker, Camera/Video Quality, wi-fi capable, ease of use Cons: limited memory, operating systemDid not like it; too complicated using..This phone arrived quickly and in good condition. My only issue, if I were to mention one, is that it didn't have the little tab that holds the sim card. Fortunately, I bought it to replace another Icon, so I had one on hand. Other than that, no complaints!Love my NokiaUsed phone with many miles. It works very goodGreat purchase! Changing cell carriers and needed new phones - one for a died in the wool techie and one for a novice to smartphones. Got this for both since windows is the most compatible format and am really extremely happy with them. Camera is quite good and features great, larger screen which is very clear and this made for a seamless switch. Couldn't be happier - and I was, before retirement - a Help Desk person at a cell company, so I expected hand wringing issues up front. None so far, quality is excellent. Always liked NokiaI love the icon so got this one to replace my old one. Using it to test Win10 Mobile.This is the best phone I have ever had the pleasure to use. If Verizon weren't so terrible, we'd have current firmware, but that is not a fault of the phone.PerfectWorks amazingly so far and is very fast. My only qualm is the low batter life compared to other phones of its caliber. Other than that it's very fast and capableWonderful phone. Battery life can seem a little low but I like playing gameloft's 3D games that suck up battery life. Clearly on par with flagship android phones with a superior operating system.phone was as good as new wife loves itexcellent conditionGot this for my care taker and she loves it. Great phone !Awesome phone, awesome power and a excellent camera.This was actually a purchase for my son, but we both love Nokia!!! He also wanted a Windows phone to be different from his college friends. It is a beautiful phone and has worked well!Awesome phone quick ship activated noooo problemsGreat phone and I love the windows operating system. Can't wait for the new Windows 8.1 software.The Phone like new.I like it.The phone I was looking fornice phone``Was exactly as listed in the post.I did not know that I would be receiving device with Windows 10 Preview, which is basically a beta test software and full of bugs. After 1 day of use I hate it so much I can't describe it with words. Now I need to figure out how to get this operating system off the phone and back to the Win 8.I've been waiting for this phone for a long time. I got tired of Apple's "50 shades of grey" upgrade in IOS7, and so had my Verizon rep for my corporate account send me the Lumia 928 back in September of 2013. I loved it, and would've ordered one right there until I saw a leaked photo and some tentative specs of the Lumia 929 that was to be released in a couple months. I decided to wait, since the improvements over the 928 were many. I almost lost patience in November, December, and January when all the rumored release dates passed, but I'm glad I waited. My rep was able to overnight one to me so I had it on release day. I gave my old iPhone 5 to one of my employees and never looked back. This is a VERY nice phone in all respects. In every way I compare it to my iPhone 5, it wins. The only downside is the thin choice of apps still in the Microsoft store, but that's improving. The iPhone and Samsung phones started out the same way. The only things I really miss from the iPhone are a few apps, not the phone itself, since I have a lot of home automation, and there is, as yet, no Windows phone options for my Logitech security cameras, my Ecobee thermostat, and a few of my power switch modules. But apps aside, from a hardware perspective, this is a clear win. The full 1920x1080 screen is gorgeous to view. Even in sunlight I can see what I need to see. I was a little worried about the size for two reasons - first, I didn't want something that was awkward to hold. I've seen people with the "phablet" devices and I just can't picture lugging something like that around as a PHONE - may as well use my retina iPad mini... But I also just bought a new 2014 Jeep Cherokee Limited, and the technology package in it has a special upper section of the arm rest that includes a Qi charging plate and a little sliding holder to keep the phone there. I really hoped this would fit in there ,and it did, even with a case on. Snug, but it works great. And the increase in resolution over the 928 means that there's more tiles I can fit on the main screen. And for me, that's where the iPhone loses compared to Windows. I never cared much for the lock screen's lack of information, which was why I invariable jailbroke my iPhones. And the limited options for the screens when the phone was unlocked made it annoying to have to dig into folders to find what I was looking for, or swipe the screen. I was very happy when they made folders an option, so you didn't have 20 or 30 pages of icons, but it still was annoying sometimes. I like that with Windows I can resize the icons and fit lot of things that I use daily on a single screen. I also love the live tile implementation of things, so I can see at a glance what's been happening without having to rely on a notification center type of screen. It's easy to hold, since in reality it isn't THAT much larger than the iPhone 5 was. The buttons are easy to get at and responsive. I like that they changed the USB port to the bottom, since the 928 had it on the top and that just drove me bonkers during my week of testing. The sound is quite good for such a small device. The processor is snappy, which makes sense since it's the quad core snapdragon processor. There's little to no waiting for pretty much anything I open on here. Graphics are incredible and smooth for the few games I've put on here so far. Zooming photos or the camera is also very smooth. And the camera - it's amazing. I have several higher end digital cameras, and an awesome $1600 Sony camcorder, but the photos this turns out are more than acceptable to me. It used to be I'd "settle" for photos with my iPhone due to convenience, when I didn't want to lug my large camera case around with the cameras and lenses for some event. And yes, if I really want to capture something to the best of my ability, I'll use my real photo equipment. However, for the other 95% of the time, I'll be more than happy to use my phone now and not have to carry anything else out. The options are easy to get at, white balance, ISO, flash, so many more options that with the iPhone... And the single finger zoom, rather than the pinch, or the slider at the one spot on the iPhone, makes bracketing my pictures so much easier. I find I can get just the shot I want so much easier with this than I could with the iPhone, and the quality, needless to say, just doesn't compare. The 20 mp camera here and the optics used make you think that there was no way this photo could've been taken by a phone. We have a client in a medical building that's on the lower floor, and in their server room, we NEVER have gotten a signal with any phone from any carrier. And yesterday I was able to receive a phone call in there, and hear and be heard. That was a first for our company in that site. Another pleasure for the phone is being able to hit "END" and have it end the call. I've spent most of my time after the IOS 7 update on my iPhone being unable to end a call myself, it would not respond to me pressing "END" no matter how many times I tried. Phone calls would only end when the other side hung up and my phone realized it. I love the built in Qi charger. I had a Duracell case for my iPhone and another extended battery that charged on a proprietary pad, and had gotten used to that method of charging. So I bought two charging pads, one for the office, one for home. I've gone through three cases so far trying to find a good one, and the charging on the pads and even in my Jeep works through the cases just fine. It's a convenience that you don't realize you'd use until you get accustomed to it. No plugs, no cables, just set the phone down and the charging begins, with no special case required like the iPhone. The back gets a little warm, but I've never felt it get hot no matter how long I had it placed on the charger. This has quite a large battery in it, and initially I thought it'd last longer than the iPhone, but the downside to the live tiles is battery consumption. With little talking and little game playing, it runs down quicker than you'd think. I went from 100% at 7 AM at a client site to about 40% left after 8 hours. There's a lot of forum posts out there about things you can do to lessen the impact, but for me I'd rather deal with the battery consumption and have all my data, since this is first and foremost a business tool for me. Each mail account has its own live tile so I can see at a glance what the status is of new messages for my own Exchange server, or Gmail, or my Windows Live account. I'm not much of a facebook user but it's there as well, keeping me updated on info for my family. All of this visible without opening any programs up. For me, that convenience makes up for the battery being used quicker. Another bonus for me is with my Jeep. I have the large Uconnect system, that can let you do voice texting over the stereo system. This never worked with my iPhone, but it works fine with the Icon. It reads me a text, and I can voice back what my reply is, and the car will repeat what I said and give me the opportunity to accept what it heard, or change it. Very handy since I don't pull up the phone to send or receive texts and such while driving. Another thing I don't use much, but it's nice to have when I need to. For me, the lack of an expansion slot for an SD card or something isn't an issue. I have a Lenovo Helix tablet / laptop that I use for all my data. I pull photos to it from my Onedrive (used to be Microsoft's Skydrive) so I really don't have a need for extra storage on the phone. But for some people who use a phone as their center of their digital existence, it will be a major issue. So if you absolutely must have additional storage on the device, this may not be for you. But with the the seamless cloud storage integration, I don't think it's that critical for a lot of people. And I like that I have such a viable option for Microsoft Office documents here, that I can open a Word document from my Onedrive and it looks like I expect it to, and that I can edit it and then have the results later on my computer when I'm back at the office. All in all, I'm 100% happy with the hardware, just a little impatient with developers of the programs I need for home automation to make a Windows Phone variant of their software. There's nothing I feel I lost in my transition from the iPhone, I've only gained. For me, this is a much more usable phone in all respects than my iPhones ever were. And it's a big step from the old Windows Mobile phones back in 2007 and 2008. This is one phone that shows that the Windows Phone platform isn't just a fluke, and it has all the opportunities to flourish. Of course, that success isn't in Microsoft's hands, but in the hands of the people who write apps. It doesn't matter how awesome a phone is, if people can't get the things they want or need to run on it, most of them will stick with the platform that they can. So I really hope the Microsoft store starts fleshing itself out.Has ANYONE used this phone to send a picture to facebook? What's the point of having a camera with a great phone and you can't upload pictures to facebook or send by message to a friend, either one... good grief, The pictures file sizes are too big and the phone doesn't let you shrink them. I've sent pictures with $100 phones... now I've got a $600 phone with a great camera that doesn't send pictures? Are you kidding me? Add that little challenge to the fact it's got what? One tenth of the apps of android? I'll not by another windows phone any time soon. They sold me with the camera.... and they knew what they were doing.Let me preface this by saying, I did not want a Windows Phone. I get very attached to my devices, and I was heartbroken last summer when my Droid Bionic's battery was shot and I traded it in for a Galaxy S4. However, the S4 completely blew my Bionic out of the water and I had some good times with it until it broke, and Verizon refused to replace it despite it still being under warranty. A family member got this phone for free and gave it to me to check out, and I love it. -The Windows Phone 8 OS is great. Everything runs so fast. If you play around a bit with the size/location of the icons on the homescreen, you can fit a lot in there which is nice. -Everyone complains about the lack of apps, and this is unavoidable. There are a lot more of the well used apps than when I originally looked into a Windows phone last summer, and more are becoming available by the day. There are also unofficial apps for many popular apps not present in the store that are awesome alternatives. (I like the unofficial Snapchat app (6snap) more than I like the official Android snapchat app). -I've seen complaints about the battery life, but for me it feels pretty comparable to my S4. With basic usage (phone calls/texts throughout the day) I can easily make it through an entire on a charge. If I'm using it more heavily, especially when streaming music from Spotify, then it may only take me to 9-10pm without charging it throughout the day. Vast improvement to my Bionic, and pretty comparable to my S4. -As many others have said, the camera on this phone is amazing. There is a slight shutter delay that can be annoying, but the picture quality makes it all worth it. -The build of the phone is a bit heavy/bulky (especially if you're coming from an iPhone). It's not something that bothers me, but always something to consider if that's an issue for you. -Finally, as many have said, the GPS/Nokia maps on this phone are absolutely incredible. You have the ability to download maps and use turn by turn navigation offline, which is super nice if you don't want to blow through your data just using navigation. It's very accurate (more so than Google Maps in my opinion) and gives good directions. So yes, if you're considering making the switch to a Windows Phone, or if you want to upgrade your current Windows Phone, this would be a great option for you.Windows Phones have been seen in a negative light by most with the rise of Android and the iPhone's consistent performance in the markets. Many review sites always harp on the lack of apps and how the OS isn't as fully functional as the above mentioned two. Fun Fact: I don't need a million apps and neither do you. Take out your phone right now and count how many you actually use on a daily basis, for me the number is 12. All 12 are available on the Windows app store. The only real thing lacking is games, there is no Clash of Clans or Candy Crush to be found here (Thankfully in my opinion) For the most part your major apps are all there (Netflix, Kindle, IMDb, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Vine, Spotify, OneNote, Messenger, etc.) Fitbit is currently missing but is working on an app that should release in the coming months so that is a pitfall for some. Now lets talk integration: Windows Phones come with Microsoft Office! Word, Excel, and PowerPoint all make an appearance. No, they aren't the full feature rich versions you can use on a PC. Yes, you can do plenty of basic editing and creating and so forth. OneNote also makes an appearance that lets you sync all your notes easily across devices with a Microsoft account. You can sync all those important accounts onto your Windows Phone, iCloud, gmail, Outlook, Exchange servers, whatever quickly and easily. Live tiles are the customization option of choice with Windows Phone, you can see information at a glance with constantly updating tiles on the screen that are both beautiful and functional. You can unpin and resize them as you see fit (this makes it a great time for a first time smartphone user, you can literally have just a call tile, text tile, internet tile, and email tile if that's all you want. Great for kids are uncertain older folks, but customizable enough that you can make your home screen a work of art with minimal effort at all. Cortana is a voice assistant that comes with Windows Phone 8.1, way more personal than Google Now and with more features than Siri she is a great addition that you will quickly find many use for. There is the common across all platforms feature of setting reminders and alarms, but Cortana can actually set specific reminders so when people call you individual notifications pop up reminding you to tell them things. Also her banter is pretty great, for example if you tell her that you love her she will say something along the lines of "I love you" you will get "I bet you tell that to all the phones" but she has multiple responses for the same type of questions which is nice. Now as for this phone itself Nokia has always made good phones and this is no exception. 1080p screen, super fast processor, amazing 20MP Pureview camera, great battery life, and solid build quality make this one of the best ways to get into Windows Phones and with support growing by the day for the platform the Icon is a great choice to jump in with.I LOVE this phone. I couldn't be happier. I decided to try out a Windows Phone, so I picked the Lumia Icon. I can't keep my hands off this thing. Pros: Top of the line in specs. Processor power is amazing, it even beats the Galaxy S5. Camera is fantastic. Crystal clear pictures, with a dozen Nokia exclusive photo editing apps to play around with your photos. Great size. Can perfectly fit in one hand, and your thumb can reach every point on the screen. Windows interface is amazing. Blazing fast, ZERO delay. Responds impressively fast. And much much more pros...just dont have the time to write it.. Cons: No micro-sd memory card slot. Probably the biggest problem. Much less apps on the Windows App Store as compared to IOS or Android. HOWEVER, Windows does have a lot of the basic apps (Pandora, Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, Skype, etc). Theres quite a lot of games too. Check out the apps Windows has to offer here: http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/storeI can't say enough great things about the Nokia Lumia icon. I'm coming from both Apple and Android as previous phones and the Icon is the best! I've owned thia phone about a year and at first is was a slight learning curve, but not muchThen Verizon finally releasd the Denim 8.1 update and now the phone is flawless! Yes it doesn't have a billion apps, but who needs it? I have 32gbs of phone stoarge, plus a lot more on my One Drive. the phone syncs seamlessly with my PC or laptop and I love the live tiles and the ability to totally customize my home screen ayway I want, plus the Icon can be charged wirelessly! Bravo Nokia and Windows for the phones you make, In a word AWESEOME!If you don't hate a big phone screen...this phone is ridiculously great. The one thing I did not like about the HTC version of the windows 8 phone was the slimmer, smaller screen. This screen with that interface is smooth, flows perfectly, and will leave you wondering why Android and Apple are still delivering the clunk "desktop of icons." The camera is off the charts crazy good. It picks up low light and produces great images even with the flash off, and the high quality pics you can take are as good or better than any smart phone or tablet that I've tested. Plenty of the aps I find useful, and I was surprised to find a few that had more features than the Android versions I was using on my S3. Go try one, you'll be shocked at how well Microsoft put this phone together, and you won't want to go back to Apple or Android.This phone is just fantastic. I just recently bought one and upgraded it to Windows 10 build 1607. You have to install upgrade advisor from the Windows Store. Upgrade advisor quickly indicated it was eligible for an upgrade and I did upgrade it. Took about 30 minutes from start to finish. This phone is so incredibly smooth and works extremely well with Windows 10 mobile. It responds very quickly when I bring up an app or ask Cortana to do something. There are plenty of new apps and I have been really pleased. The Windows 10 Mobile OS is hands down the best phone OS. Just try it and you'll see.When I first got this phone back on July 18th I was excited after doing so much research. Even though my carrier is Verizon I bought it directly from a Microsoft kiosk at the mall. Also if you sign a 2 year contract with Verizon Microsoft offers you phone insurance for $99 for the 2 years. Verizon charges $10 per month for the entire 2 years. So that is $240 for insurance via Verizon as oppose to $99 via Microsoft for the entire 2 years. I was disappointed it did not have Crotana, but new an upgrade was coming soon. I'm still waiting. After using the phone for the first week was not too happy as I usually have my phone on vibrate at the office or on my long bus commute to work so I would not disturb others. I was not too happy that it vibrated only once, so I missed a few calls. My old non smart phone vibrated a couple of times so I did not miss calls. As I kept on using it, found out it did not have speed dial. So I pinned my most often contacts to the start screen. As I keep on using it I found out the phone does a lot more. Yesterday as a storm was approaching my phone warned me via text as well as sounding an alarm. The camera on this phone takes fantastic photos just as good as my 20 MP camera. When I take a photo it automatically saves the photo onto "One Drive" and the photos instantly appear on "One Drive" on my windows 8.1 desktop and tablet (Samsung ATIV) computers. Also all contacts saved on my phone are also saved on my desktop and tablet in the Windows 8.1 "People" tile. Phone has plenty of useful apps as well as games, but I am not really a gaming person. I do have a programmable thermostat by NEST and will download the apps and see how that works. I commute by bus for over an hour to NYC and use "Here Drive map" app and it showed me the speed limit of the road bus was traveling on, but also indicated the speed limit the bus driver was traveling at. Can't wait for my phone to be upgraded to 8.1 so I can have Cortana. Been waiting since mid July so hopefully Nokia or Verizon upgrades the phone soon. I am sure by then I'll like this phone more and more. Pro: Excellent camera Coordinates with other Windows 8.1 computers you own. Plenty of apps Has Office 365, which I also have on my desktop and tablet (Samsung ATIV) computers Great map apps Lots of ringtones pre installed Can delete apps, especially apps pre installed on phone You can try apps before you buy them. Can dial a contact or send TXT via a voice command Cons: No windows 8.1 yet (Will come in 8.1 upgrade) No "Cortana" yet (Will come in 8.1 upgrade) No speed dial (May come in 8.1 upgrade) Vibrates only once, so you'll miss calls when phone is on vibrate. (Hopefully it will be improved in 8.1 upgrade)I recently upgraded from a basic to smart phone and after reading a ton of reviews settled on this one. The main feature I was looking for was a good camera as my camera had died not long ago. This 20MP camera is AWESOME! The color is amazing and the included software makes cropping and tweaking a cinch. The video is outstanding with 4 microphones...and I can't hear myself breathing as with my old video camera. Personalization is easy and with a lot of options to choose from, I was able to replace that Verizon Red with something more pleasing to my eye. Sending and receiving calls is a breeze and the volume is great..no need to shout on speaker. Now for the reason this awesome phone has only 3 stars...The apps. I had no idea what the difference was between iPhone, Android, and Windows. They were words I had heard, but didn't know what they meant. When I saw "Windows" on this phone, I thought, "My computer uses Windows, so it will be familiar...great~" My husband uses Southern Link and the reason we upgraded to a smart phone for me is so that I could download their Push-to-Talk app so I could communicate with him at work more easily. (Also a great app if there's a disaster and the cell towers are down.) Well, Windows is so new, this app was not compatible. There needs to be an app that would translate between the 3 platforms, especially if Windows is to grow, because right now it's very limited. If it's not in the Store, you can't get it. There are many apps in the Store, don't get me wrong, but if you're looking for a specific app, it might not be there. I wanted a NKJV Bible app, but only found KJV, which I tried to download, but it stayed on "pending" and never progressed. After 5 days, we ended up taking this to a Verizon store and trading it in on a Droid Turbo. More expensive, but they did give us $200 credit for our Lumia Icon~ not bad! But all in all, I loved this phone, and if it weren't for the Windows incompatibility, it would be a 5 star and I would highly recommend it, but as it is, it would depend on you and your app needs.I actually bought this phone used for $99 in 2016 rather than buying a new phone from my carrier. (Unfortunately, Verizon has almost no Windows offerings anymore.) I've found this phone more than capable in today's mobile atmosphere, including that it runs the latest version of Windows 10 Mobile, getting regular monthly updates.I found a true "premium" phone. The Windows Phone operating system is as intuitive as can be, and the build quality of the Nokia Icon is just fantastic, equaling if not surpassing Apple's iPhone 5. Awesome phone!This phone out performs all other phones, if you don't believe me then compare the specs. At the time of release there was no other phone that could come close and still remains the best all around smart phone. Combine processor speed, RAM, screen resolution, screen quality, camera, etc. This is a complete phone and the windows phone 8 update 3 has brought the interface to a new level. Complaints that I have heard: Bad Cell reception audio (false in my experience), no micro SD card slot (true, it would be nice). My Complaints: WiFi range is somewhat weak.Absolutely love this phone. Picture quality is great. There are a few apps that Microsoft doesn't have (my banking app was the biggest disappointment, but I can still check my account through the browser, slightly less convenient). Took a short time to get used to the Microsoft system, but I used the "hints and tips" and it was very helpful.Phone is the first Windows phone I have purchased.Still not as many apps as iPhones.Phone does work well, solid operation. No problems with it yet.I love this phone! Now if someone could just get Verizon to approve updates!I want to start by saying this is the best "hardware" phone I have ever owned. I have had 4 generations of iPhone, multiple android and 2 windows phone This is hands down the best of all That said... I am probably never going to own another windows phone That's thanks to Microsoft. This phone was originally said to ship with 8.1, incorrect.. Then when u bought it I paid a premium, before the price drops and only because the Verizon rep assured me it would be getting the 8.1 update first Since then I have had little issues with the interface and compatibility, all of which are "fixed" with the update.. Which months later still has not come To pour salt on the wound, for 3 month MS has sent promo emails about 8.1 coming soon and how great it is This all totaled has soured my taste for their product and I cannot recommend it to anyoneI REALLY wanted to give this phone 5 stars but there were things that really ticked me off a lot. For starters the first thing that is so annoying to me is the build quality. It is really nice and strong EXCEPT for on the top left corner (where the sim card goes) if you tap it with your finger there is a fairly loud rattle.... something is loose inside. I went back to verizon and had them open a new one as well as try out the 2 display models and they ALL had this problem.... What a dumb way to ruin an awesome phone. Most people may not care about this but I personally believe that when you buy a 500 dollar device, there should be NO RATTLE! so dissapointed but I will have to live with it since its the best windows phone on verizon. also I came from android and the apps are pretty dissapointing on windows, not a lot of quality. other than that I still love this phone but it should have been perfect. And please if anyone can test this rattle and reply to my post I would really appreciate it. I wanna hear your thoughts, thank you ***update**** Okay after having it for a while I have some updates. First is that the rattle sound is from the camera, it still upsets me because other phones have similar technology and don't make that rattle but just so you know its completely normal and honestly you never hear unless you tap it on the side and like others mentioned you will never do this so its not a big deal to me anymore. Other update is that the GPS is so amazing on this phone I love it so much. Much better than any other phone and yes its fully functional offline. Apps still are kinda weak but hopefully will get better. I upgraded the review from 3 to 4 stars.I am a professional that needs to take calls. This Nokia Lumia Icon 929 is not good. I have had many phones, smart and otherwise. The ringtones on this phone sound like New-Age Bubbles, with low base tones. I have tried to download other ringtones with more tenor, so that I can hear it in the middle of the night, to no avail. I am not hard of hearing. My only solution thus far is to perch this phone on an English Muffin mold at night so that the ring tone reverberates on my night stand so that I can hear it for my on-calls. Check out the tiny little slit on the back side vs. the curved wide mesh of the 928 model that is the audio speaker. Additionally, Verizon support unrelated to this audio function was vey sub-par. I plan to return this phone and I would not buy this phone again.Purchased from hemy88 Arrived much faster than expected! Phone works and came with a charger, headphones, light duty case (for free), and a screen protector (for free) that was already attached to the phone. The only issue is the phone came in the incorrect packaging for the Lumia 925 and had the instruction manual for the 925. The manual was in Chinese and I most likely damaged the top speaker trying to open the SIM card slot. The 925 uses a key/pin to open the SIM card slot, the 928 does not. To open the SIM card slot, with a fingernail firmly pull the slot up and out of the phone. The small tray comes out and the micro SIM card is placed in the tray, and the slot and card are reinserted into the phone.This is a lie. It is NOT unlocked for any GSM network. I tried to connect with T-Mobile, and I was bounced around from person to person trying to figure out what the band of the damn phone was. Like how hard is it to give me a freakin' answer?? Anywho, turns out that the band of the phone wasn't fit for T-Mobile, which IS a GSM network. Honestly, don't even waste your time. It was a waste of my time and money.I have had the same phone for years, it works for me. Is no longer supported though.very good productAwesome it works great!!!Yes. mobile excellent. quality. Get it all taped. Unlocked for all operators.This phone is very nicenice phone and prompt deliveryI really like my new phone! It is taking me awhile to familiarize myself with it, but I have not had any major problems. The battery does seem to run down very quickly, but other than that...no problems!Just as described, fast shipping, will use againNot fully unlocked. The texting is still locked into Verizon. But everything else is fine.This phone was manufactured in a sneaky way which disables the LTE capability when it isn't used with a verizon sim card. You can't use it on any other prepaid plans fully functional and straight talk won't activate it at all. Not very "unlocked" if you ask me. Kind of a rip off when considering you're stuck with verizon, the most expensive network out there. Also the map app sucks and requires a monthly "subscription" which adds another 10$. you can'd download any google apps on the windows store, no snapchat, no google maps, no tinder. Even Instagram app is poor excuse for the normal version. I'm disappointed in this purchase.The touch screen is not working from the day one .I got my phone today and its not working.Very much disappointed with the product plz hep me out.Ordered a *NEW* Galsxy S5 Verizon phone in white, recieved it a few minutes ago and popped battery in to make sure all was well. Packaging looked brand new, included everything (headphones, charger, cable, manual, battery) and phone still had protective cover on it, including one on the camera. After booting up, I noticed a burned-in screen right away! Next thing to do is throw a neat little app called "phone info" for samsung phones. I've attached the last screen which says this phone has been plugged into a charger 712 times! This phone was shipped and fulfilled by Reliable Communications, I have a replacement coming from Tech Chrome in a couple of days, and am hoping this one is an actual NEW phone, otherwise its going to be shipped right back again!!!I've had several iterations of Samsung phones, the S3 was my first smartphone, bought the S4 and now recently purchased the S5. After 2 months my screen stopped responding, as in the display itself was fine but the phone would no longer respond to touch. No big drops or anything so 99% sure it was a defect with the phone. I tried to get Samsung to fix it and they went out of their way to avoid any warranty work. After a short chat with Amazon they sent a replacement, 3 days later I had a new phone. This experience soured me slightly on Samsung, but I still think they make the best value smartphones out there, however I'm 100% sold on Amazon based on their reaction, will be a Prime customer for life. I was a little wary of buying a seemingly discounted smartphone via amazon and not Verizon or directly from Samsung, turned out to be a good decision.I have been meaning to write a review on this product. I bought in late July. The phone started messing up early November. The screen would change colors and eventually quit working. I took it a to a cell phone place and told me it was used which to my understanding was supposed to been new and could not fix it. I bought my son another phone about 2 months after this and that phone only lasted 2 months and was a dud as well. All in all I have spent over 500.00 on 2 phones in the last 6 months and never again will I buy a phone off of Amazon cause clearly they are using horrible vendors.So I was looking for a new phone (My S4 was dying a horrible death) so I figured another Galaxy phone would be a good idea. I had read some reviews and they all said the phone was great. Since I don't like paying tons of money for such a small device I decided on this phone. I got it and it looked great. It was in the box and had everything. Everything sounded great and I was excited. After a few days the screen just stopped working. I would try to hit the lock button multiple times and the backlight might come on. I had to take the batter out to restart the phone and it might think about actually displaying anything. I thought this had to be just my phone. After doing a little bit of research this was a big issue that none of the reviews talked about. There is no solution that I could find so i promptly returned the phone. After getting a Nexus 6P I am very happy and it has done well.A little background on my love of smartphones - I used to be a major Apple fanboy from the first iphone to the iphone 5. Steve Jobs is still my hero. I made the switch when the Galaxy S4 came out, then moved to the HTC One, LG G2, Note 3, and now the Galaxy S5. I use two phones, one for work and one for personal use. I spent a decent amount of time with all of them and can say that most people would be happy with each and every flagship for daily use for 1-2 years at a minimum but most people come to read these reviews for the small details that make the major differences between just "okay" with your phone or "completely happy" with their device. I won't list out the specs of the phone since that type of info is listed everywhere. But this phone as well as the others listed here are spectacular at being fast, having good to great battery life, and all have good to great cameras. Probably the most polarizing topics of phones these days is the aesthetics, mainly due to the fact that hardware seems to have outpaced the software which means manufacturers cant really make phones noticeably faster than the previous generation. Okay I'll get to the review. Metal vs. Plastic - The HTC One and the iPhone are made from mostly aluminum. Aluminum without question looks fantastic on phones. The colors also look much better on aluminum because they can be anodized giving them a rich and even color that just look great. The main problem with metal is, sure it looks great on day one, but the material is so hard that is super easy to scratch and nick without ever dropping it. I am the type of user who hates cases. They add thickness and overall just make the phone look ugly, and to top it all off, cases are 40 to 50 dollars for a piece of plastic(major rip off). I carry my phone in my left front pocket without anything else in there to scratch it. After a good months use of the iPhone 5 and HTC one, i developed so many nicks and scratches that it really made me question, "Is metal really so great?" The answer is no. Have you ever seen someone with an uncovered black iPhone? After 6 months the sides look silver just from normal wear and tear. Most people who will read this review probably haven't seen an uncovered HTC One mainly because the volume of sales isn't there, but that phone has the same problem. Sure the metal is gorgeous, but it is only on the first day. And what is the point of buying a phone for it's looks if you're going to cover it in a PLASTIC case? Plastic - At first try with the S4 and LG G2, I HATED plastic. The glossy feeling made the phone feel slippery and cheap in my hand. And to top it off, glossy plastic attracts oil like white on rice, which just makes your phone feel nasty at times(or maybe I just have gross hands which I don't think I do because I am a scientist and wash my hands 10-20 times a day). But then the Note 3 came out with faux leather plastic. Sure it's not pretty like aluminum, but it's light weight, it has a nice texture, it doesn't attract oil, and it doesn't nick and scratch like metal. Maybe Samsung is onto something with plastic. Everyone seems so concerned with the way phones look vs how they feel or hold up over time. I can say without a doubt, my Note 3 looks the same way it did out of the box after a few months of hard usage. For the S5 they switched from the glossy plastic on the S4 to a textured dimpled plastic that feels slightly soft, which I think feels fantastic. It is slightly softer with a more grippy feel and it doesn't look at all tacky. I love it. The phone definitely feels sturdy in your hand. Software - The general perception of Android is that it is harder to use than iOS. After using iPhones for 5 years(iPads and macs), and now Android for just over a year, I can say that perception is absolutely false and anyone who says it probably has not given Android a fair chance. In fact, I think Android is easier to use than iOS. With google now built into the phone, it is always listening. When the phone is unlocked all I have to say is "Okay Google" and I am prompted to give my phone instructions like "get me directions to the nearest gas station" or "call Susie" and the phone does it. You dont need to hold the home button to pull up siri or open up a separate app to use this feature which makes it super functional. I know most people don't use siri. Siri just isn't that good. It doesn't understand a lot of words or the search results it brings back are not useful. Google now works on about 95% of the words I speak and I am a mumbler at times too. So for my friends who say they can't understand me, well google now can! To me this is revolutionary. People called the iPhones revolutionary because they added value to your everyday life. People think, " can you imagine what it would be like if I couldn't have email 24/7 or internet access 24/7?" which is what made the iPhone revolutionary. It changed the way we did things. Having a phone always ready to hear your commands is revolutionary. When you're in the car and can't touch your phone, voice control is a huge benefit. Or when you're cooking and want to send a text without washing your hands you now have the ability to send a text hands free. Other software advantages. iCLOUD SUCKS. EVERY iPhone user at some point says, "oh crap, I am out of memory." Well the reason is no one really knows how to use iCLOUD and end up leaving everything on their phone until it fills up. Google's back services allow for any file type to be backed up and you can even view the pictures stored in the cloud. They just aren't downloaded on your phone until you hit download. It's a huge advantage over iOS and I love it. I never back my phones up to my computer anymore to make space on my phones. As for the rest of the software it is very easy to use and gets better with every update. Battery Life - battery life from my experience from worst to best goes in this order HTC One, Galaxy S4, iPhone 5, Note 3, Galaxy S5. No this wasn't a video loop test, or some other standardized test. It is my perception of using each phone for a minimum of 3 days as my primary phone which means I was using the phones for email, text, talking, pictures, youtube, movies, and games. I just got back from a 2.5 day camping trip and didn't charge the S5 one time and came home with 50% power in reserves. Absolutely AMAZING battery life. Another nice feature to have is the removable battery. Before I had this feature with the Note 3, I thought it was a dumb benefit but now with a spare battery I can go from 1% to 100% with the removal of the back cover and swap of the battery. No more being tethered to a wall to get back to 30% before I can use my phone again. I love pointing this out to iPhone users who are stuck to walls with their chargers(not to mention those stupid 20 dollar lightning cables that break every 6 months). The S5 also has USB 3.0 with fast charging built into the processor, so you can easily get a 90% charge in less than an hour. SO for battery life, and for the ability to swap batteries, the Galxy S5 is best in class by a long shot. Spare batteries MSRP are 39.99 but on amazon you can buy a generic which works perfectly fine for 20 dollars. Screen color and resolution - A year ago I hated AMOLED screens. It is the screen that Samsung uses in their displays vs the others who use LCD. I'm no expert in display technology but a year ago AMOLED screen were cartoonish looking. It drove me nuts to look at overly saturated pictures and movies. LCD screens have a much more accurate color representation. But with the Note 3 and now the S5, Samsung definitely has solved that problem. They have adjustable settings for your screen similar to a TV screen. The S5 also gets very bright and dark which means in sunny San Diego I have no problems seeing my screen in full sunlight and at night when I am in bed I am not squinting my eyes because my phone is too bright. It definitely gets darker than typical LCD screens. Resolution, the S5 is top notch. Only the HTC One bests it with pixels but you can't tell the difference between the two. When an iPhone user looks at the S5, they say'"Wow, it looks so clear." Well that is because the S5 has a much higher resolution. The screens speak for themselves. Camera - The S5 camera kicks butt. It has a new feature where you can make part of the picture blurry and the other part clear. It is really neat and I used this feature often on my camping trip. This camera in practice is better than the G2, HTC one and even Note 3. i would say it's equal to Apple's camera but I also think that is Apple's best feature. Removable storage - Only Samsung devices, Sony, and the HTC One M8 have removable storage. Throwing a 64gb memory card in my phone gives me full confidence I can take as many pictures as I want or store as much music as my heart desires without sacrificing other things for them. My S5 came with 16gb, but now has 80gb of memory to use, although about 6gb is used by the software. The additional memory was about 40 dollars vs an iPhone memory upgrade to 64gb would cost an additional 200 dollars. The winner here is rather obvious. IP67 water and dust resistance rating - basically this means the phone is dust proof and water resistant up to about 3 feet of water for 30 minutes without risk of damaging your phone. Only the Sony flagship models have this feature built into their phones and they were the first to do it. Basically this rating means, you can drop your phone in the toilet (gross) and it will survive, or you can take it in the hot tub or bath tub and not worry if you will kill your phone or not. In my case, in San Diego, I can take it hiking or to the lake without worry of damage. IP67 is not rated for salt water but having that feature means I can probably take my phone to the beach and a few splashes here and there won't kill my phone. Also, if your phone ever does get dirty, you can just wash it in the sink. It's really a fantastic feature to have built into your phone especially if you have kids who tend to get stuff wet and dirty. In summary, all flagship phones are great. Some have a few features like LG with their "knock on" code where you can unlock the screen with a double tap. Or the HTC One with it's spectacular speakers, and the Iphone with it's beautiful design. The S5 at this very moment is the best phone on the market. We are fortunate to live in a time with such fierce competition that all phones are great but it's the little details that make the S5 so much better than the rest. You really cannot go wrong with this phone unless you just hate the size and love your small 4 inch iphone screen. But you really can go right in so many more ways than the other phones. If you have any questions for me please post them. Ill continue to add updates as I see necessary. Edit 7/25/2014 - I had the HTC One M8 for two weeks and got rid of it because I didn't like it. Design wise, the HTC One M8 is gorgeous, especially in gold with the blue dot case which is what I had, but the frame is huge. Below the screen there is a huge black bar on top of the already thick bar where the speaker is located. Also, if you don't use a case with the M8, it will slip out of your hand due to the smoothness, shape and weight on the phone. It was fast, sounded great, but was lacking in a lot of areas in design - but it LOOKED AMAZING from the back lol. I also published a review on the LG G3 on Amazon. Check it out if you're interested. Also, if you want a bunch of freebees, don't forget to register your S5 with Samsung as you can get things like 50gb of free cloud storage with Dropbox and 1 year subscription to Business week amongst quite a few other freemiums.I bought this because everyone that has one loves it, so decided I'd love it, too, but I've had so much trouble with it the last few months that there must be something wrong with the phone. I've never dropped it, and have had it covered with an Otter box since I got it, but it has been increasingly more difficult to turn it on. Decided it needed a new battery so I got one that is guaranteed forever (free replacement) but it's still difficult to turn on. Sometimes I have to hit it forty or fifty times before it will turn on, and then it will work for a while, but the next day it does it all over again. This morning I tried seventy times, and it still didn't come on. Sometimes the only way it will turn on is to take out the battery and put it back in, and it may or may not work for a couple of days. Everything else works fine, but there has to be something wrong with the phone--it's been doing this for several months. Any advice you could give me would be great. By the way, I will be eighty in a couple of days, so it has only been handled with loving care! Thank you.This is the 2nd s5 I am returning to Amazon. The first one wouldn't power on or charge so I returned it and ordered another one because I had already purchased a screen protecter and case. The second one took me 45 minutes to set up once I did that it would power off and on 4 times in 10 minutes. The phone would get super hot as well. Big waste of my time.Even with a large SD memory card, this phone quickly ran out of memory, to the point where I can't even update my apps. I've installed far fewer apps than in my previous android phones, and moved every possible app to the card memory, and use the memory card for all my photos, music, and anything else I can. I still have plenty of room on my memory card, and I only use the internal memory when I have no other choice, such as certain critical or unmovable apps, and system functions But even with this minimal use of internal memory, it's full, to the point where my apps can't update, and the phone bugs me every single day to update the android software, but it can't since there's no room to do so. The reason is the phone is filled to the brim with useless bloatware, which you cannot uninstall. I tried to root the phone but it was too late, a small android update blocked that ability. So the phone is crippled to the point of being defective. It's a shame because the hardware is great- the camera and battery life are better than any phone I've ever had, the GPS works well, and the performance overall is great. Why they would ruin all that by putting so little memory in, and filling all of that with bloatware, is beyond me.. I bought this phone specifically because it was the last Galaxy that had a removeable battery and memory card, even though the S6 was already released, but it looks like I'll have to find another option soon, even though this phone is just a few months old..Posted this mid 2018. 2 of my sisters, my wife, & I are all using the S5. It's fast enough, and supports current apps. Unlike some newer phones, it has a micro SD slot - Saves $ & allows me to upgrade when larger chips become available. I'm on my 2nd S5, and no reason to replace it. This cost me about 6% of what an S8 was going to cost from our cell service provider. I don't use a cover, or have insurance on it, because it's relatively cheap to replace. The unprotected screen has yet to get a scratch in it (I do machine shop work, & build/repair things at home). My wife uses a cover, My daughter uses an S7 because it has a better camera, but I'm fine with the S5's. I'm much happier carrying a phone that I don't have to obsess over.I have had a Samsung S5 for years and it was finally ready to retire but I still liked it. I was comfortable with the phone's features and service quality so I just looked for the same phone since I didn't feel like I needed new features. Unfortunately, I question whether the Amazon Warehouse Deal was discounted due to damaged packaging . I think it was returned for poor functionality and I got stuck with it. The screen locks up with no warning leaving you to restart just to scroll up or down. Remember, I had the same model phone with the same ATT service for years but now I cant get reception in my own home, calls don't connect while driving past towers. This Warehouse Deal phone is a dud and unfortunately it took me too long to realize it wasn't just a fluke dropped call here and there - its the hardware. Now I have this marginal phone outside the return window. I strongly suggest carefully considering whether or not to purchase a warehouse deal phone.This phone is NOT able to be used on Ting or FreedomPop. It is listed as a SPH-L 720 but is really a SPH-L720T or Spark Tri Band which some of the low cost no contract carriers will not take. I bought 1 and had to go through the trouble of sending it back. On the feedback I send to Joycells this is what I got back, ( I see from the feedback that you left us, you were not satisfied with your order. We would like to apologize for the mishap, the mistake in the listing was done on purpose. and would like to know if there is anything else we can do for you. I really like the part THE MISTAKE IN THE LISTING WAS DONE ON PURPOSE??? ) If this is a company you want to work with do it at your own risk.Even years later, it's still a GREAT phone. I'm not kidding. I'm dead serious. Read this review if you have 5 or mnutes, and I promise you will not be sorry for doing so. If you're not a "size queen" looking for a smartphone with today's current trend of nearly 6" screens or have the need of super-powerful processor to run the very latest 3D or VR based games on your phone, this hot little gem is perhaps one of the, or IMHO-> THE best forgotten about left-behinds of this decade. Remember newer does not ALWAYS mean new "and improved"... just as often it means new and more confusing, or downright new and now all the apps that used to run before alongside on your previous phone or version of O/S now don't play friendly together in the same sandbox, if you know what I mean. That's why I keep this phone. I have more than one in fact. This item, a now aging 5+ yrs old model called a Samsung Galaxy S4 is extremely stable. Also, it has the option of REMOVABLE batteries. Hey man listen, this model has 16 GB onboard ram which is way more than you even need, when you factor that it has a SD-slot for expanded storage. Phone Apps are MB's not GB's or even 100's of MB's , they're typically a low or mid-range 2-digit MB so I don't see how anyone who knows what they are talking about can justify needing a truckload of GB's onboard when you have an SD-slot right there anyway with all that expansion capability. This S4 also has a very strong good build and STABLE camera at a healthy double-digit megapixel and capable of shooting 1920X1080p HD Video in, even by today's standard, stunning crystal clear EXCELLENT quality. If you need anything more robust than that, please don't overthink it, for god's sake, just go out and get yourself a full camcorder and play around and get lost in a ton of features you don't know how to fully take advantage of anyway. Or, you can get one of these for a very cost-friendly 2-digit number and hook it up to almost any carrier you want, since it was built forward- thinking in advance of what is today's current standard 4G-LTE. You really can't wrong. It has QUITE A FEW features that were emerging when this model was coming out that are now todays staple features, like NFC, Mirroring, and I could go on and on. I use the Mirror-Go app by Wondershare on THIS phone and it works like a charm, and on my other NEWER MORE EXPENSIVE LG-V20 Mirror-go doesn't find the find. Go figure. I use the paid version, not the free one, complete with updates. Still nothing. But works flawlessly with this S4. Remember this is THE version, when Samsung made a quantum step up from S1,S2 S3....then BAM.... S4 was when the whole cellphone industry was trumpeting in a new era of wireless connectivity bells & whistles and NOBODY how it was gonna play out in the market down the road, so when they built in that original hardware infrastructure they pretty much engineered it like a tank, primitive but surprisingly flexible and very solid ready to absorb nearly anything hurled in it's direction since nobady back then knew really what to expect, just how creatively or abusively users would harness those technologies. Now, those days seem like ancient Rome, but they're really not that long ago at all, when you really think about it. The media spin wants to brainwash you, to "churn" you as a customer, to keep going out every 18-24 months and RE-BUYING in fear your current model is obsolete. Dont Fall for it.. This model is still a contender. A real proven prizefighter. Still packs a powerful Punch. You could do a heck of a lot worse than this option if you're looking for something practical, strong, stable and NOT OBSOLETE with a REMOVABLE BATTERY that you can buy 3rd party ( I use Anker 7800 mah) extended battery-life replacement upgrade batteries for that go on seemingly forever (2-3 days, yes days not hours) with typical use or at least over a full day if you're a hardcore power phone-aholic (( I got two (2) of them here on Amazon on a special for an incredibly low cost since this is not a high-demand item where sellers can exploit charging higher price because they know that there are a lot of people riding a then current trend about that particular model that are anxious & willing to buy the item, at nearly ANY cost -- with this one though, NOW, that's no longer the case and you can capitalize on that, and multiple extremely POWERFUL batteries for virtually next to nothing. As I said, I could go on and on. But you're tired of reading this by now. But wait, there's even more.... okay, I won't spill the beans for you.... just get the darn thing.. YOU'LL BE GLAD...This phone is absolutely amazing! I received it early and the quality is fantastic as well. Not only did I receive the phone, but I was offered an extended warranty and it came with a car charger. Me personally, I will be purchasing another phone from this seller in the near future. Once again, Thank you!The phone came early which was great, but could not activate it until I ordered my own sim card and then had problems because I wasn't informed that this was a Verizon phone that had been flashed to a sprint phone and had sprint stickers covering the Verizon logo on the inside of the phone. Other than that it has been an okay phone so far.This had apparently been a Sprint phone at one time; the Sprint store technician who tried to help me said the software had been hacked and the phone was now incompatible with the Sprint network. The only text on the phone that was not in Arabic was the logo for "Yemen Mobile" that kept popping up. In the immortal words of Mr. Garvey; "Mischievous, and Deceitful. Chicanerous, and Deplorable!"When I turned the phone on for the first time it said Yemen Mobile and all the writing was in Arabic. I was able to change the text to English but the phone would not activate through Sprint as it said it would on the ad description, I even went into the Sprint store. I am currently ordering an American SIM card for Sprint to see if this will fix the problem otherwise I will have to return the phone.I wish I could give zero stars! I bought it almost one year ago. Very poor voice quality and a problem with connecting to internet mobile which first I thought the cause of the service provider. I changed the provider but still have the problems. I believe it was not a new item or at least the previously returned one (which I bought as a new one!) It had some minor scratches when I opened up. I didn't know the seller and I'd trusted the Amazon website and did not care about that!!! Now, it not worth pay to fix. I only would reconsider about the future electronic purchase from Amazon website!It's annoying when a model is advertised and another is shipped to you, by the way, I paid for Sph-L720 and got Sph-L720t (the 't' difference has a bigger effect than you can imagine). Otherwise phone came in very good cosmetic condition and works fine.This phone is advertised as a Sprint phone. Don't know the full history, but it was unlocked at some point by software called Chameleon to make it usable on other networks. Under settings/About Device/Build ID, it has characters in Arabic, showing that the phone was unlocked. Per Sprint representative, that means the phone can only be used as a voice/text phone, and data via wifi, but never data via Sprint network--data via network is whole purpose of a Smartphone!!! Thankfully has 30 day return and will be returning this shortly. Do not buy this phone if you intend to use on a Sprint network, even though it is advertised as Sprint, it is not compatible!!! One great plus, Amazon and company apparently have a policy to allow return with free return shipping to boot!Phone keeps shutting off while in the middle of doing things with it very agarvating. Not working very good . Phone does look brand new with original box just doesn't work very well and also stats it was boost and wasn't had to pay extra to flash over to boost not happy at allLooked great. Didn't work. Company provided a return without any issue.Wont stay charged even with a brand new battery. Sadly it will be going back this week.The phone was advertised as Sprint, but did not have Spark firmware, and cannot be activated on Sprint due to an error that tech support says was "Item ID not compatible with brand". This item was fulfilled through Amazon Warehouse deals.The model I received as SPH-L720, not SPH-L720T.Don't know when I'll stop using the S4. But why when I have no contract, pay only $ 35/ mo due to providing my own phone...which I pick up every chance I get for not much.Works greatDescription stated it is for Sprint. Sprint would not activate the phone. Very frustrating all around.I was worried about buying a phone not knowing if it would fit the specs listed. I took it to the Sprint store they gave it thing thumbs up. I'm very pleased with it.I purchased this phone for use on the Sprint network, once properly activated by Sprint Customer Service it works great!This fon is defective, I have been trying to get it fixed. I It has to be restarted every 10 to 15 minutes. It is a problem that this phone has had and it needs to be repaired at the factory to replace the mother board. I found this out from forums and reviews. I want a new phone or my money back. Jesse Patterson 281-723-0105APhone doesn't work. i couldn't get it to activate online or over the phone so i took it to the store and they tried for an hour. Phone is "Sprint by Yemen". what ever that means. Sprint salesman believes its from another country and wont activate here in the United States. Wasted my time and money!Exactly as described, super prompt shipping. I had no issues connecting it to my Sprint account. Very pleased!Best android phone, with custom OS its the way I want it to be not how some company thinks it should be.I love this phone great condition especially for the price defenetly a great buy says condition 9/10 but it looks 10/10 to me. Came in 4 days early the only downside was no shipping details bit not a big deal since I was surprised with an ealy shippment... I love itI didnt ever get this phone to work bruh.The phone is great, its in great condition and works perfect. I bought with the sole purpose of using it as a wifi device and music player.works perfectworking good but I haven't had them long.Phone kept turning on and off. Seriously a waste of my time. Returning ridiculousGreat phone. Was used but was in total brand new condition. Excellent price, saved me a tongoodI order an unlock phone for my relative in the Caribbean and come to find out the phone is not unlock and won't work with sim cardGot this for my husband and he absolutely loves his phone. Very reliable phone for the price and husband is happy with it so farWas delivered quickly and was as expected.the phone that was sent to us was from Yemen and could not be unlocked and made usable in the USGreat phone for the priceBrand new sg4 for this low .....cant beat itBest purshces I have made in awhile very simple and easy and had no problems with my phone it was also a used phoneI received the phone earlier than expected, by 3 days. This was a major plus. Also the phone's condition looked brand new, no flaws no issues at all. I am very happy with this phone grade A service. Met and exceeded all expectations. Thank youI took my phone to sprint to turn it on, and it was reported stolen.Phone was cracked and drains battery quickly but works well other than that no complaintsExactly as described.Sending it back, won't work in the US, giving one star because of the speed of the orderShowed up in great condition!I pushased this cell phone as a birthday gift to my husband. AND, You know what? The item could not be activated with Sprint. GRRRRPerfect!!! Exactly what it said in the description and shipped with care. It had a load of bubble wrap and a label on the outside.Great phone! Came earlier than expected everything worked fine! Only problem was that the headphone cable was cut in half and I had to throw them away. Overall great product and fast shipping!No complaint about it. It worked as expectedThank You!This phone is everything as described. It was brand new and it was the galaxy s4 like I ordered. It was also a pretty good price as well. I love this phone!everything is good , the camera is just messing upThe phone had a bad ESN. Took way to long to get a refund.It was not what I offered , the msmo came Blocking and can not give you use with another carrier , at any time this condition was reportedOrdered another phone better not be sprint post paid or I'll return it like last time. Here's hoping.Thank you. Fast shipping. It's a nice phone.It was the way it has been described. IT IS PERFECT & my Daughter loves it.Excellent device, Works fine!It arrived just as advertised. Nice phoneVery well please with phone and timely order it took me to receive my practically brand new phoneYes its working so far good.Good condition just didn't have sd or sim cardNew features.Good deviceMy Wife is extremely happy!very good.The phone doesn't work, and it is being returned.The product is perfectThanks perfectGood purchase! No complaints at all.Very pleased with my phone :)Looks brand new!!!!The transaction was good.excelent thank youThe person I got it from gave me a bad device scratches battery doesn't charge and led Screan is BrockenArrived fast, was like brand new just with a couple of details on the side but not big deal, really smooth, battery life acceptable, came with a chinese wall charger not the original, it's a great deal for this price, recommended.Phone had one little chip in the top right corner and the battery life is horrendous. I wish they would have provided me with a charged battery as well. Other than that I am thoroughly impressed and pleased with this purchase.Great phone.. Does way more than I need. Activation on Sprints system was no poblem. The phone can be activated at home on the fly, however for the 3g and 4g I stopped at a Sprint store where they inserted a Simm card, no charge. I ended up rooting the phone just so I could get rid of a bunch of apps that Sprint had installed. Like I said, the phone is awsome, in fact more than I needed. shippment was fast and phone was new as stated. I feel for the price, its a good deal.it was a 720T model and I was unable to use it Sprint MVOS carriers for nearly a year.This is not unlocked and CAN ONLY USED ON SPRINT!Many things wrong with itI cant not changed my plan i need 4 degit numberThis is not a new phone it has been rooted and has a different operating system. It doesn't work on Sprint. It can get data or voice mail. Do not buy it!!!It was the wrong phone it was supposed to be an at&t unlocked phonePro's: Looks good. Con's: Speaker not working. Cannot activate.The phone came on time, was brand new as described with no scratches or digs. Functions perfectly fine, has a clean ESN. The only thing that was a downer was that the phone did not come with its original accessories such as the charging cable and earphones (I don't mind since I bought Skullcandy Aviators but it would have been nice). The charger and earphones work perfectly fine, the phone is the only thing that matters to me and overall it was a Good buy!I was very happy that this arrived a day early and was very well packaged. It's thin enough to easily put in your pocket which is convenient. It's much nicer than my last smart phone, the auto-correct is very accurate and it's easy to type on. The photo and video quality is pretty good. The screen is vibrant and videos look great on it. For the price this is a very good smart phone. It has a lot of features and is high quality. I use chit chat mobile as a carrier and this phone is compatible with their network.Beautiful phone. Like new. Only thing was it took a while to program. Needed a lot of updating before turning it on with sprint. But it was worth the trouble.Do not buy this product, cell is in Arabic and we took to Sprint help setup and they couldn't help. Returned item.Phone is ok, but the WiFi on it works very poorly. It kicks my son of at least once every 30 minutesTHE PHONE ARIVED VERY QUICKLY HOW EVER, THE PHONE HAD ALREADY BEEN FLASHED TO A DIFFERENT CARRIER AND I COULDNT USE IT.My girlfriend likes her new phoneThe phone looks good but had a few deffects but for the prices what can I spectI bought this phone months ago as a back up. Now I need to use it and it is locked. The original owner needs to unlock it! Please help me 281.300.5570 is my cell phone.It came just as I hoped; white color, almost new condition, no scratches or any noticeable flaws at all. Started it up as soon as i got it and had no issues connecting it with Ting.Correct product. Unfortunately from another country so Sprint could not make it work in US. Just kind of a waste of time.I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. The phone works fine and was able to be hooked up with her carrier, Sprint.This phone arrived in beautiful condition. I took it to the Sprint store, they installed the sim card and it works awesome. I think that I am going to love this phone.Love my phone. It cold have fool me and pass as new if it had not been for the seller's description.It works perfectly. Super fast delivery.Was perfect, exactly as describedworks good has some issues but a okayJust what I needed. Good quality.good phone no problemsphone does not work in Europe is blocked I bought to unlock who can help me ?Nice phone but could not activate. It is tied to another sprint account. I am forced to return it.great phone, as described by seller, was disappointed it didn't come with the charger, luckily I had one that would fitPlanned on using this for Freedompop. It would not activate on freedompop. Make sure you get the ESN and confirm it with a phone provider before buying one of these. Even though this is an SPH-L720 and I had another SPH-L720 on freedompop already -- there are ESN based restrictions placed by the carrier. Sprint only releases a certain range of ESN numbers to freedompop. The SPH-L720 that I happened to receive was restricted to JUST Sprint, and I could not use freedompop with it. Ended up switching to Sprint anyway, so I am keeping the phone. Sprint happeend to have a good deal on unlimited talk/text/data. So it worked out.Works fineLove the phone it was flawlessBeautiful blue! Luve it....It's a phone but it gets s***y servicelove it!Love my phone. The seller got phone to me quickly.thank you!Works greatDecent for what I paid.Works perfect, great replacement.This is a phone on the Yemen Android Network and cannot be used in the US.Product was in practically new condition. Now the only issue I got is my current carrier, all of a sudden isn't accepting the device.as expected.This phone was awesome, everything the seller said it would be. Took it right to sprint and had no problems getting it set up. Thank you.Perfect condition on this used phone. I enjoy it very much. Very glad I got it.Fast shipping, phone works great - my dad is very happy.... thank you!!!! :)Excellent, almost can't tell it is not a new phone. Very happy customer.Great phone in love with it!!!I absolutely love my Galaxy S4 as one who has used almost every Iphone this phone is so much better as you are not Locked to iOS and iTunes and totally customizable and the screen resolution is in one word awesome! The phone was shipped very fast and I highly recommend the Galaxy S4 and this seller!Purchased for my sister as a gift. She loves it. Phone arrived early and in excellent condition. Going on 3 months and still working. Would highly recommend the phone not Sprint.Wow.. I'm so happy wit my phone it came sooner than I expected no scratches or chips works great..........ExcellentDecent price good people to deal withThis is a great phone, though it has taken me a bit of getting used to. It is incredibly reliable and pretty user friendly. Mine was refurbished and it was pretty much brand new. I was very impressed with it, and I would recommend this phone to others. The only thing was tracking down a sprint network sim card which wasn't too difficult.Excellent Phone.I had one of these cell phones for several years and was happy with it. it started to give me some trouble , which I attributed to age. So I ordered a replacement from Amazon. I received one "Sold by DAC Enterprises and Fulfilled by Amazon" It took me a while to get around to get Verizon to activate it. It did not function as easily as the old one. I attributed it to my technical inablitilites. Including the fact that it did not hold a charge.. Finally I couldn't deal with all the problems and went to Verizon to help me out. The technician there tod me the cell phone was defective for example the reason it did not hold a charge was because the phone thought I was on it all day, also when I tried to make a call it kept cutting off . It indicated that I had messages when there were no messages on the phone etc etc In short I was sold a defective phone. Apparently DAC enterprises sold both me and Amazon a defective product. Further research in my Amazon Account on this item states it was sold by "Clean Electric" So I wouldn't recommend buying from either. DAC Enterprises or Clean ElecctricSTOP! Don't waste your time or money on this seller this was my 3rd one of these GUSTO 3 from this seller and they all are doing the same thing they just out of the blue decide they are going to reboot so it shuts down everything you are doing and does it randomly and it never gets better you lose your call or info you are trying to save so you start over each time or replace the call with risk that it will do it again, I personally had it cut off my doctors office 3 times during one call. Hope this helps someone these are nothing like my original Gusto I got from Verizon that I took in our pool with me.When i received this phone it gave me a message that the phone wouldn't charge. Had to send it back. Pay a little more for something better.WARNING THIS IS A BAD MERCHANT WHO SELLS BAD MERCHANDISE. Watch out for this merchant as he does not stand behind their products and services. I bought the phone and followed directions to activate it. It did not work. The phone is not usable if one cannot activate it. I am very disappointed that I trusted the merchant and amazon for faulty merchandise. Fifty dollars is a lot to lose. I would NOT recommend this merchant to anyone,I was sold this phone with the impression that it will work with Verizon's network, but it does not. Do not buy this phone if you want to use it on Verizon. I'm not happy that I was tricked.I bought this phone for my father in law. He loves it. It's light weight and not bulky. It works well and I didn't have a hard time setting it up for himits stop working every time i close it and i try calling amazon but didnt got back the moneyThe phone arrived in timely fashion, but was defective. It kept lighting up for no reason and drained battery. Will be returning the phone this week.worked right out of box, no trouble and battery was charged. so far so goodJust what my dad wanted and he loves itI really like my new phone thanksConsistently drops calls for no reason, battery goes dead in a 8 hour period with very little use, will be returning this piece of junk. The older versions of the samsung flip phones much more reliable battery lasted 3days or more and cost $20Bought this for my mom and she loves it! It's small and easy for her to handle. Very nice!Verizon Wireless no longer supports 3G technology. You will not be able to activate this phone if you have a Verizon plan.Pretty upset this is a prepaid it did not say anything about being a prepaid and i am not able to use the phone.Everything as expected.Looked like a Convoy 3 in the add, but the screen was a postge stamp,Its a prepaid so not avaliable for activation on regular postpaid account.Would have love to see a charger for the money paid for. Even a really cheap one would be fine.works very well thank youworks goodThis phone is exactly what I was wanting and got it quickly.THE BATTER DOSENT STAY CHARGED LONG ENOUGHI think this product may have been refurbished. It would constantly reboot itself.I was sent a prepaid phone! It wouldn't work with my Verizon plan!Product page clearly states that it is a postpaid phone but it was prepaidHad to send it back it need not say it was a prepaid phoneGreat phone, use it every day and was just as advertised.ExcellentThis phone could not be activated by Verizon. They said it was a prepaid phone What a waste of my timeDO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE/COMPANY THAT SOLD IT. I PURCHASED IT AND WHEN I TRIED TO ACTIVATE IT I COULDN'T. IT HAD BEEN USED AND PREVIOUSLY REGISTERED WITH VERIZON BY ORIGINAL PURCHASER,THEREFORE I COULD NOT ACTIVATE IT.Turns itself off even when fully charged and didn't show calls known to be missedGreat phone but no instructions, need to transfer my photos but no instructionsOrdered for my mother-in-law. Very simple to set up and easy to use, and she is happy with it so far. This was our first time upgrading our Verizon phones through Amazon and I have to say I was very impressed with the ease of ordering and the fast shipping. Was a little concerned about setting up the phone ourselves rather than letting a Verizon rep do it, but Amazon supplied instructions and setup was very simple.all good:)Everything I expected and it has an amazing battery life. Primarily used in a pocket of a power chair for emergency use ir keeping touch with family.Simple yet perfect. Sound is clear and working this phone is simple. Just what I wanted.Perfect item for my daughter.it's a nice phoneGood as new it is NOT!did not come with charger ad will not connectSwitched to this after 5 years with the iPhone. I needed to disconnect a bit and not be so accessible. I don't miss the iPhone at all: this little phone is 1/2 the size, is simple, battery lasts a week, no synching, no apps...just does what it's supposed to. I can make a call on this little phone much faster than navigating around on the iPhone. Do yourself a favor and try one of these out for a month...might just change your life...it did mine.Currently $12.00 at WalMart. I got the $15.00 a month plan. How much lower can you go? A cell phone that works (and works well) for half what I used to pay for the landline. I use a free VOIP program called Talkatone for my "smartphone". It's inconvenient (sometimes) and you wind up with two phone numbers but for me it's a no brainer: 1. cheap/good c3ell phone service 2. free VOIP service where/when you have a wireless connection.Samsung Gusto 3 (SM-B311V) has a real keypad. Does everything I need a mobile phone for, such a 911 calls. Verizon Wireless carriers sound quality does contain some static, when compared to AT&T. Pay As You Go plans are awesome, as I don't usually use a mobile phone for anything else but emergencies, reserving my land line for having extended conversations. Pros: 1) The phone that still has a key pad. Cons: 1) The clear plastic cover for the outside smaller LCD/LED monitor/display cracks or breaks extremely easy! 2) User intuitive keypad short cuts is extremely confusing or time consuming. Reminds me of my remote control for my Samsung TV's! Thankfully, some of the shortcuts can be modified, but not all of the more confusing ones.I own one. I love it. It has a great deal of notifications that I thought to be annoying at first until I read a bit more about. Any and most of these can be disabled if you do not like a lot of notifications. Reception is crisp, clear and quite loud. I have not found an area yet where I do not have service. Excellent inexpensive phone.If I could give the Samsung Gusto 3 cell phone minus 5 stars I would. I used to have a Kyocera from Sprint but husband had to upgrade to a smart phone through Verizon because of his job. This is the free phone Verizon sent for me. My old Kyocera was very rugged, this Samsung is thin cheap plastic and will smash to smithereens the 1st time it falls. The Kyocera had a full display of menu options in one window, this Samsung has way too many drill down menus. The voice quality is poor and the battery goes dead every other day. On the Kyocera a little red flashing light on the outside of the phone would show I had missed a call or got a voice mail but on the Samsung I don't know that unless I physically open the phone and go to the multiple menus. Now the hands free mode is stuck on and the darn thing won't shut up, with every button I push it says out loud what's going on. I hate this phone, I truly have never hated a cell phone so much in my life. I want my old Kyocera back!I just bought this phone today for my mom! I can used this phone for my self. Now I am looking for a case if I can't find it here ill check the store where I bought this phone. Happy for it for $15.00 a month she only use this when she goes out. Which is she don't go out very often!This is an okay basic phone with a few deficiencies. First is that it sounds a loud, audible alarm when it's charged. Thus, putting it on the charger at bedtime is a mistake. Second, unlike the Gusto 2, there is no setting to disable alerts, e.g., weather alerts, amber alerts, etc. This is inexcusable. Finally, the battery life is not so good, 4-6 days with very light use. My Gusto 2 would regularly go over a week, sometimes 2 weeks.Restart. Restart. Restart. The phone restarts itself on its own. I figured this out when it turned out I had over a month of missed calls. (This phone was for a business I'm getting started.) When I was trying to cancel my service, I couldn't even find out what the account# was from the phone info...the system said that's not allowed when 'a call was in progress'.Ordered this once before, and all was OK. Ordered again, and this time Verizon said it was a "prepaid only" phone.Very pleased with phone. Has everything I need and nothing I dontI am very disappointed since I purchased this phone thinking I could use it with my existing verizon contract....you can not...you must pay $25 dollars for 6 months before verizon will switch it over...now it is useless really. Instead of getting a new phone for $32, it will cost $182, I feel mislead...without PREPAID next to phone name.SHE LOVES THE STYLE - SHE'S NEARLY 80 AND REFUSES TO USE A SMARTPHONE. SHE'S HAPPY AND THAT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.Get it if you can find it. Such phones are coming baaack, smartphone refugees.It's somewhat larger than older flips but uses that increased size effectively and efficientlyI bought this for my sister who is enjoying it & uses it without problems.Thank you. BPhone keeps rebooting which is draining battery and interrupting function. Will be returning.Phone worked for a little over a month, just past the return deadline. It is a POS. Let the buyer beware.Cell phoneAs of July 1st, 2018, Verizon does not support this phone.A different phone was delivered. Very disappointed.Volume can't be adjusted / broken, we are unable to be heard by person we are speaking with.Replaced a broken Verizon phone that was not eligible for an upgrade. Easy activation via Verizon after purchase (no activation fees, with assignment of same #, on same/existing contract plan). Basic flip phone.Just what I wanted-simple. Super fast deliverySimplicity is the real name for the Gusto 3. I wanted a phone that is a freaking phone and that's it! The Gusto is my new hero. I hear a noise, I open the phone and someone says "hello". Now THAT'S simplicity!!Great product at a great price.Everything was perfect! Thank you!Fast Delivery. Product great quality.This phone has horrible sound. My Gusto 2 was great! There is a lot of echoing and interference noise, my friends are always complaining. I get a lot of feedback noise. Very disappointed, but cannot afford to buy another one.Simple telephone with few bells and whistles but is rugged, dependable and with a battery that lasts for months. The perfect phone for your car. It won't let you down in an emergency.This Gusto 3 does everything we need it to doLove this phone. Simple to use and the price is right. This is my second one that I have purchased.For me, it is a backup phone, a burner even. Specs say 32.1 days standby, nuff said.I normally roll with Motorola, Android, and ATT. I got this to have a phone that is alive for more than 2 days without a charge, or for where ATT is weak and Verizon is strong, like at my brothers' place in the foothills. It has a bunch of accessibility options, large fonts, can read everything to you, take voice commands. Obviously meant to be a great grandma/pa phone, especially since it has a dedicated ICE button. It's a Samsung, I got it for $10 at a physical K store and will top it off with $15 300-minute prepaid cards when I need to. Purchase, activation, and provisioning required no personal identity information.I had a Motorola RAZR on a Verizon prepaid plan. The phone died a couple of days ago. Verizon Wireless sells this Samsung phone online for $149 with no annual commitment. I bought a dark gray color one at Walmart for $12.99!! After I paid for the phone, I went online to my Verizon Wireless online account and switch my account to this phone. The process is ver straight forward. All the unused dollar balance I had on my old phone got transferred to the new phone. I give the Samsung Gusto 3 a 3 star rating because you can get it for more than 90% discount at Walmart. I like this phone a lot better than the RAZR, it's more readable and the buttons are more user friendly.I don't understand the logic behind the T9 text entry algorithm on modern flip phones. If I enter the beginning of a word, and then hit "next" until the characters I want to see are displayed, then if I type another character my selection is forgotten. So if I type 4376 it gives "hero", I hit NEXT (0) until "herm" shows up. Then I type 37 to try to spell "hermes" but it comes out "heroes". I.e. the "m" changes back to an "o". Why would I have hit NEXT at "hero" if I wanted to stick with the original suggestion of "hero"? No one has been able to explain this to me. On the first phone I bought over a decade ago, which used Motorola's "iTap" algorithm, I swear this wasn't a problem. With modern flip phones, you have to constantly switch from T9 to Multi-tap whenever you enter a word that's not in the dictionary. Before, I never had to use Multi-tap to enter words. I would just delete the last character and hit NEXT until the correct prefix was visible, and then continue entering characters. Keep in mind that just about every other text message has a new word in it, either someone's name or some other proper noun or just an uncommon word. Multi-tap sucks because there is a preset delay for entering two consecutive letters on the same key. I hate to use it, it punishes you for typing fast. (why doesn't multi-tap adjust the delay to match the speed of your typing? good question!) If I enter some text and hit the "right" direction button, the text is saved, but it isn't used for predicting what comes after it. Example: 946 gives "who" but if I put 9 NEXT (to get W) -> (to save the W) 46, it results in "win". That's because even though "who" is more common than "win", after I hit the right arrow it ignores the "w", and "in" is more common than "ho". My older phones did not do this. I type 9463837 and it shows "whoever". On a Samsung I type 9 NEXT -> (to save the "w") 463837 and I get "winfuer". Not a word! Finally the treatment of new dictionary words is truly bizarre. For example at some point I must have entered "6am". Now whenever I type "man", which is the same keys, "6am" appears as the first selection, and I have to hit NEXT until "man" appears. Even though I'm sure I've entered "man" more recently and many more times than "6am".... The worst is "Ok." which is very common. It for some reason completes as "O5?". I don't remember ever entering "O5?" but it's possible that I did. Now, no matter how many times I change it back to "Ok." and continue typing, the next time I hit 651 up comes "O5?". The street number of my house also happens to share keys with a common word. I must have entered it twice, versus 50 times for this word, but nevertheless the street number always comes up as the first selection. This is a peculiar flaw in the Samsung Gusto 3, and it makes me want to vomit. If I type 2 NEXT NEXT NEXT NEXT, the phone starts cycling through all the NEW words it ever encountered starting with A, B, or C. Why would I want to enter text this way? Keep in mind it's only cycling through words that were uncommon enough to not have been found in the built-in dictionary. Most of them I only used once. Why would I want an easy way to enter words I only used once? All they have in common is being super random. I wish I could change the software on this phone, but I wish even more that Samsung, Nokia, et al would produce a flip phone with decent software. Why spend $100 on hardware that was programmed by a retard with a drunken product manager? Answer: because you have no choice. Because Motorola stopped making dumb phones!easy to useIf you want a simple basic phone, steer clear of this POS. It is loaded with useless "features" that keep intruding on your life. It does not come with a decent operators manual so you have to struggle to find a way to turn off the useless "features". I was awoken at 2 AM by an "Amber Alert". Didn't know it was on, didn't want it, no idea how to kill it. This piece of junk has buttons on the side of the lid to adjust volume, mute, and operate the camera. When you put it in your pocket, it does those things whenever it gets brushed and emits an annoying beep. I am going to use 10 minute epoxi to turn off this useless "feature" When I want a camera, I carry one. The camera on this piece of garbage is of poor Quality and detracts from phone use. This is the ultimate in "Dumb Phone" ergonomics. I am tempted to change my provider to ATT to get a SIM based subscription that allows me to choose a decent phone. I am tired of this upsizing crap bundled world we live in. One should not have to spend hours disabling unwanted features. This is not a user friendly device!!